The story begins on another planet, in the year 4th century BCE. Two friends, both stoners, are sitting on a park bench enjoying a joint when they spot a beautiful woman walking by. They both stare at her and make crude comments, but she seems to ignore them. As she walks away, they notice that she dropped something. One of the friends goes to pick it up and realizes it's a book. The other friend doesn't believe him at first, but when he opens it and sees that it's filled with pictures and words, he's convinced. They spend the rest of the day looking through the book and discussing the images and what they think the words might mean. As they continue to leaf through the pages of the book, they start to realize that it's some sort of history book. They learn about a planet that was once inhabited by a highly advanced civilization, but was destroyed by war. The only survivors were a group of people who fled to another planet. The book tells the story of how they managed to rebuild their civilization and create a new world. The friends are amazed by the book and can't believe that such a thing exists. They spend every day reading it and discussing it with each other. As they learn more about the history of the planet, they start to feel a sense of connection to it. They begin to dream about visiting the planet and seeing the ruins of the civilization for themselves. Eventually, the friends save up enough money to buy a spaceship and make the journey to the planet. When they arrive, they are amazed by what they see. The ruins of the once great civilization are now overgrown with plants and animals. They wander around for hours, dreaming about what the world was once like. Eventually, they make their way back to their ship and return to their home planet. They spend the rest of their days talking about their adventure and sharing the knowledge they gained with others. The story ends with the friends living out their lives on the home planet, continuing to share the story of the lost civilization with anyone who will listen. They never forget their adventure and the lessons they learned about the world.