In the first century AD, the Roman Empire is at its height of power. But in the far-flung outpost of Britannia, things are far from stable. Barbarian tribes are threatening the empire's holdings, and the Imperial forces are spread thin. In this turmoil, a young centurion named Marcus Flavius Aquila arrives in Britannia with a mission: to find and recover the Eagle standard of his legion, which was lost in battle against the barbarian tribes. Marcus is a skilled and experienced commander, but he has one flaw: he is fiercely loyal to the empire, even when it is clear that the Empire is in decline. This flaw will put Marcus at odds with his men, his superiors, and the Empire itself as he undertakes his quest. It will also lead him into conflict with the indigenous population of Britannia, who are struggling to free themselves from the yoke of Roman rule. As Marcus begins his search for the Eagle, he quickly realizes that all is not as it seems. The Empire is hiding something, and the closer he gets to the truth, the more dangerous his situation becomes. At the same time, the situation in Britannia is deteriorating. The barbarian tribes are growing bolder, and Roman forces are stretched thin. Marcus knows that his quest is becoming more and more urgent, but he also knows that he can't complete it without the help of the Britannic people. Despite his misgivings, Marcus finds himself drawn into the conflict. As he does, he come to realize that the Empire is not the only thing that is faltering. His own sense of loyalty and duty is being tested as well. In the end, Marcus must choose between his duty to the Empire and his duty to the people of Britannia. Whichever choice he makes, there will be blood. Marcus' search for the Eagle takes him all over Britannia, from the remote wilds of Wales to the bustling city of London. He quickly realizes that the Empire is hiding something, and that the closer he gets to the truth, the more dangerous his situation becomes. At the same time, the situation in Britannia is deteriorating. The barbarian tribes are growing bolder, and Roman forces are stretched thin. Marcus knows that his quest is becoming more and more urgent, but he also knows that he can't complete it without the help of the Britannic people. Despite his misgivings, Marcus finds himself drawn into the conflict. As he does, he come to realize that the Empire is not the only thing that is faltering. His own sense of loyalty and duty is being tested as well. In the end, Marcus must choose between his duty to the Empire and his duty to the people of Britannia. Whichever choice he makes, there will be blood. Marcus' search for the Eagle leads him to a final confrontation with the Empire. He comes to realize that the Empire is not the glory that it once was, and that his own sense of duty and loyalty must take precedence. Despite the dangers, Marcus leads the Britannic people in a final uprising against the Empire. The two sides clash in a epic battle that will determine the future of Britannia. In the end, Marcus and the Britannic people are victorious. The Empire is defeated, and Britannia is free. But at what cost?