In a small village in the North Atlantic, the villagers are eking out a living as best they can. One day, a stranger arrives in the village, claimimg to be a historian from a parallel universe. The stranger says that the villagers are living in an alternate timeline, and that in the original timeline, the village was a prosperous fishing community. The stranger then starts to tell the villagers about all the events that have led to their current circumstances. The villager's listen in rapt attention as the stranger tells them about the series of natural disasters that befell their village in the original timeline. First, a severe storm damaged the village's boats and destroyed the fish stock. Then, a fire swept through the village, destroying most of the buildings. The villagers were forced to move to a new location, but the new land was not as fertile and they struggled to survive. Eventually, they were forced to turn to prostitution and piracy to make ends meet. The stranger's story is met with skepticism at first, but as the villagers start to realize that the stranger is telling the truth, they begin to wonder if there is anything they can do to change their current circumstances. The villagers decide to send a delegation to the parallel universe to try and persuade the historian to help them change their timeline. The delegation is successful, and the historian agrees to help the villagers. He takes them back to the moment just before the first disaster struck and shows them what they need to do to prevent it from happening. The villagers follow the historian's instructions and are able to avert the first disaster. This gives them the confidence to face the second disaster, and they are able to prevent that from happening as well. With each disaster that they avert, the villagers become more and more hopeful that they can change their timeline and create a better future for themselves. The villagers are finally able to create a prosperous future for themselves. They have a thriving fishing community, and their village is a thriving hub of trade. The villagers are happy and content, and they owe it all to the historian who showed them the way.