In the 2nd century BCE, the planet is a very different place. Across the globe, humans are living in a variety of cultures and societies, each with their own beliefs and customs. One day, a group of travelers from one of these cultures comes across a strange and unexplainable phenomenon: a huge, white, spherical object, seemingly floating in the air. The travelers are astounded by this sight, and can't help but investigate. They approach the object, and quickly realize that it is some sort of vessel. They enter it, and are shocked to find that it is completely empty, with no sign of any occupants. However, they soon discover that the vessel is somehow alive, and is able to speak to them. The vessel tells them that it is a time machine, and has brought them there for a reason. The travelers are initially skeptical, but the vessel is able to show them memories of their own pasts, as well as glimpses of the future. The vessel explains that it is from the future, and has come back in time to warn the travelers of a great danger that is facing the planet. A group of evil beings known as the Demonata are planning to invade the planet, and will stop at nothing to achieve their goal. The travelers are horrified by this news, and are eager to find out more. The vessel tells them that the Demonata are powerful creatures, with the ability to control minds and bodies. They are determined to exterminate all life on the planet, and have already begun their plans. The vessel pleads with the travelers to find a way to stop the Demonata, and help protect the planet. The travelers are unsure of what to do, but eventually decide to go on a quest to find out more about the Demonata. They visit different cultures and societies across the globe, learning about the Demonata and their plans. They also meet other people who are also trying to stop the Demonata, and form alliances with them. As the travelers learn more about the Demonata, they also realize that they are up against an impossible task. The Demonata are too powerful, and there seems to be no way to stop them. However, the travelers are determined to find a way, and continue their quest. After many years of searching, the travelers finally discover a weakness that can be used against the Demonata. With this knowledge, they are able to create a powerful weapon that can destroy the Demonata. They use this weapon to kill all of the Demonata, and save the planet.