A young woman named Sarah is living in a small town in the Mediterranean during the Early Modern period. She is content with her simple life until one day, she is visited by a strange man who tells her that she is destined for great things. The man gives her a strange talisman and tells her to seek out a wizard named Morlin who lives in a nearby city. Sarah is hesitant to leave her home, but she is also curious about the talisman and what the man said about her destiny. She decides to take a journey to the city to find Morlin. Along the way, she meets a handsome young man named Luke. Luke is also on his way to the city, and he offers to travel with Sarah to keep her safe. Sarah and Luke quickly become friends, and they soon find themselves in the midst of a dangerous adventure. They must face bandits, wolves, and other hazards as they travel to the city. They also begin to suspect that there is more to Sarah's destiny than she originally thought. As they journey, Sarah and Luke slowly fall in love with each other. However, they are also both struggling with inner demons. Sarah is haunted by her simple life and what could have been, while Luke is struggling with his own dark past. Eventually, Sarah and Luke reach the city and find Morlin. However, they quickly realize that they are in over their heads. Morlin is a powerful wizard, and he is not interested in helping Sarah or Luke. He is also being pursued by a group of soldiers who are working for a mysterious man known as the Dark Lord. Sarah and Luke realize that they will need to find a way to stop Morlin and the Dark Lord before it's too late. They also need to come to terms with their own demons before they can truly be together. middle: Sarah and Luke begin their training with Morlin, but they quickly realize that he is a dangerous man. He is mostly interested in using their powers for his own gain. They eventually discover that he is working for the Dark Lord and that he is planning to use a powerful magic to take over the world. Sarah and Luke try to stop Morlin, but they are ultimately captured by the Dark Lord's soldiers. They are taken to the Dark Lord's castle, where they are imprisoned. They meet a man named Daniel who is also being held captive. Daniel tells them that the Dark Lord is planning to use a magical artifact known as the Staff of Power to destroy the world. Sarah and Luke realize that they need to escape and stop the Dark Lord before it's too late. They hatch a plan and manage to escape from the castle. However, they are pursued by the Dark Lord's soldiers. They are also being hunted by a group of magical creatures known as the Fae. As they are running for their lives, Sarah and Luke confront their demons. Sarah finally comes to terms with her simple life and Luke confronts his dark past. They also come to understand their feelings for each other. Despite all of the obstacles in their way, Sarah and Luke eventually reach the Dark Lord's castle. They confront him and manage to destroy the Staff of Power. With the world saved, Sarah and Luke finally have a chance to be together. Sarah and Luke return to Sarah's hometown, where they get married and live happily ever after. They also have a child together and name him Daniel, after the man who helped them escape from the Dark Lord's castle.