Korean nobles in the 16th century live a life of luxury and ease, thanks to the hard work of the commoners who toil day and night to maintain the elaborate homes and gardens of their wealthy masters. One of these commoners is a young woman named Juri, who works as a maid in the household of a high-ranking nobleman. Despite the squalid conditions of her own life, Juri takes great pride in her work and takes care of the nobleman's family as if they were her own. One day, Juri discovers that the nobleman's wife is having an affair with another man. Convinced that it is her duty to protect the honour of her employer, Juri sets out to find the man and expose the affair. However, as she begins to investigate, she discovers that the nobleman's wife is not the only one with a secret lover - almost everyone in the household is engaged in extramarital affairs! As Juri uncovers more and more secrets, she starts to question her own beliefs about morality and duty. Eventually, she comes to understand that the world is not as simple as she thought it was, and that people are capable of both good and evil. Juri's discovery of the affair opens up a can of worms, and she quickly finds herself in over her head. The nobleman's wife suspects that Juri knows about her affair, and she starts to treats Juri coldly and suspicously. Juri's fellow servants also start to view her with suspicion, and she soon realises that she is in danger of being accused of spying or theft. Fearing for her safety, Juri decides to leave the household and find another job. However, she is quickly caught up in the machinations of the royal court, and she finds herself embroiled in a political plot to overthrow the king. As she becomes more and more involved in the plot, Juri starts to question her own motivations - is she doing this for the good of the people, or is she just looking for a way to improve her own station in life? Eventually, the plot comes to a head, and Juri finds herself in the middle of a bloody battle between the rebels and the king's forces. In the midst of the fighting, she comes face to face with the man she has been searching for - the nobleman's wife's lover. The two of them engage in a fierce duel, and Juri is mortally wounded. As she lies dying, Juri reflects on her life and all that she has experienced. She remembers her humble beginnings as a commoner, and how she rose to a position of power and influence. She recalls all the people she has met, both good and bad, and how they have all shaped her in some way. And finally, she thinks about the future - about the people who will continue to fight for a better life, and about how her own story will be remembered. As she takes her last breath, Juri knows that her legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of those who come after her.