Sophia, a young woman of noble birth, is living a life of luxury in her family's villa by the sea in the Mediterranean. She is betrothed to a wealthy man, but she has fallen in love with a poor fisherman named Diego. Diego is unaware of her feelings, and is more interested in fishing and sailing than in courting her. One day, Diego goes out fishing and is caught in a severe storm. His boat is wrecked and he is washed ashore on a remote island. He is injured and there is no sign of any other people. He soon discovers that the island is inhabited by a tribe of primitive people who worship a strange deity. They are also very hostile to outsiders. Diego is nursed back to health by one of the tribe's women, who falls in love with him. He soon learns that the tribe is planning to sacrifice him to their god. He also discovers that they have a treasure which they have stolen from a nearby village. Diego hatches a plan to escape from the island and return the treasure to its rightful owners. In the meantime, Sophia has been frantic with worry over Diego's disappearance. She searchs for him everywhere, but there is no sign of him. She finally comes to the conclusion that he must be dead. Diego's plan involves stealing the tribe's treasure and using it to buy a boat. He also wants to take the woman who loves him with him, but she is reluctant to leave her people. After much persuading, she finally agrees to go with him. Diegos plan goes smoothly at first, but then the tribe's god appears to them in a vision and demands that they return the treasure. They are terrified and decide to go back to the island. When they arrive, they find that the tribe has been massacred by a rival group of islanders. Diego and the woman are the only survivors. They take the treasure and flee the island. Diego and the woman eventually make it back to the mainland. They sell the treasure and use the money to buy a small house by the sea. They live happily ever after and die in each other's arms many years later.