It's the 22nd century, and the world is a very different place. Italy is a leading country in the world, and high-tech and advanced in many ways. But there is a dark side to this society. There is a lot of crime and violence, and people are very paranoid. The government is corrupt, and there are many powerful and wealthy people who control everything. One day, a young man named Marco is out walking in the city. He is minding his own business when he's suddenly attacked by a group of men. They beat him up and take his money.Marco is badly shaken up by the incident, and decides to get some revenge. He starts to learn how to fight and how to use weapons. He also starts to investigate the men who attacked him, and he finds out that they are connected to a powerful and dangerous man named Giovanni. Marco starts to put together a plan to get revenge on Giovanni. He wants to make him pay for what he did to him. He also starts to get more and more obsessed with Giovanni, and he starts to think about him all the time. The more he learns about Giovanni, the more he realizes how dangerous and powerful he is. As Marco's obsession with Giovanni grows, he starts to distance himself from his friends and family. He becomes more and more reclusive, and he starts to spend all of his time planning his revenge. His family starts to worry about him, but they don't know what to do. Marco's obsession and preparations eventually pay off. He hatches a plan to ambush Giovanni and kill him. He lies in wait for Giovanni, and when he finally appears, Marco opens fire. He shoots Giovanni multiple times, and he dies. Marco is pleased with himself, but he is also horrified at what he has done. He knows that he will have to face the consequences for his actions. He turns himself in to the authorities, and he is put on trial. He is convicted of murder and sent to prison. Marco spends the rest of his life in prison, and he never sees his family or friends again. He regrets what he did, and he wonders if he could have done things differently.