A new space shuttle arrives at the space station, carrying a team of scientists who are on a mission to study a strange new planet. They are not expecting to find any life there, but they are hoping to find some clues about the planet's history. The team begins to explore the planet, and they soon find evidence of a ancient civilization. They also find some strange, unfamiliar plants and animals. The team's leader, Dr. Applegate, is particularly excited about these discoveries. As the team continues to explore the planet, they find more evidence of the ancient civilization. They find a temple, and inside the temple, they find a statue of a god. The statue is very realistic, and it is clear that the ancient civilization worshipped this god. The team also finds a book inside the temple. The book is written in a language that they do not understand, but Dr. Applegate is able to translate it. The book tells the story of the god that the statue represents. The god was a powerful being who created the universe. The god was please with his creation, but over time, he became bored. So, the god decided to create humans. The god gave humans free will, and they soon began to disobey him. The god was angry with humans, and he decided to punish them. The punishment was that humans would have to work hard to survive. The god also decided to give humans emotions, so that they would feel pain when they were disobedient. The god was pleased with his punishment, and he watched as humans suffered. The book ends with a prophecy that says that a great leader will one day come and free humans from their suffering. The team of scientists continues to explore the planet, and they find more evidence of the ancient civilization. They also find evidence that the civilization was destroyed by a great war. The team's leader, Dr. Applegate, is particularly interested in the war, and he begins to piece together what happened. He eventually discovers that the war was started by the god that the ancient civilization worshipped. The god was angry with humans because they were constantly disobedient, and he decided to start a war to destroy them. The war was fought between the god and the humans, and it lasted for many years. During the war, the humans made a deal with the god. They agreed to give up their free will, and in exchange, the god would spare their lives. The god accepted the deal, and the war ended. After the war, the god became bored again, and he decided to create another race of humans. This time, he made them weaker and less intelligent than the first humans. The god was pleased with his new humans, and he watched as they struggled to survive. The team of scientists continues to explore the planet, and they find more evidence of the ancient civilization. They also find evidence that the civilization was destroyed by a great war. The team's leader, Dr. Applegate, is particularly interested in the war, and he begins to piece together what happened. He eventually discovers that the war was started by the god that the ancient civilization worshipped. The god was angry with humans because they were constantly disobedient, and he decided to start a war to destroy them. The war was fought between the god and the humans, and it lasted for many years. During the war, the humans made a deal with the god. They agreed to give up their free will, and in exchange, the god would spare their lives. The god accepted the deal, and the war ended. After the war, the god became bored again, and he decided to create another race of humans. This time, he made them weaker and less intelligent than the first humans. The god was pleased with his new humans, and he watched as they struggled to survive. The team of scientists continues to explore the planet, and they find more evidence of the ancient civilization. They also find evidence that the civilization was destroyed by a great war. The team's leader, Dr. Applegate, is particularly interested in the war, and he begins to piece together what happened. He eventually discovers that the war was started by the god that the ancient civilization worshipped. The god was angry with humans because they were constantly disobedient, and he decided to start a war to destroy them. The war was fought between the god and the humans, and it lasted for many years. During the war, the humans made a deal with the god. They agreed to give up their free will, and in exchange, the god would spare their lives. The god accepted the deal, and the war ended. After the war, the god became bored again, and he decided to create another race of humans. This time, he made them weaker and less intelligent than the first humans. The god was pleased with his new humans, and he watched as they struggled to survive. The team of scientists continues to explore the planet, and they find more evidence of the ancient civilization. They also find evidence that the civilization was destroyed by a great war. The team's leader, Dr. Applegate, is particularly interested in the war, and he begins to piece together what happened. He eventually discovers that the war was started by the god that the ancient civilization worshipped. The god was angry with humans because they were constantly disobedient, and he decided to start a war to destroy them. The war was fought between the god and the humans, and it lasted for many years. During the war, the humans made a deal with the god. They agreed to give up their free will, and in exchange, the god would spare their lives. The god accepted the deal, and the war ended. After the war, the god became bored again, and he decided to create another race of humans. This time, he made them weaker and less intelligent than the first humans. The god was pleased with his new humans, and he watched as they struggled to survive. The team of scientists finally discovers the secret of the planet. They find a portal that leads to another world, and on the other side of the portal, they find the first humans. The first humans are surprised to see the team of scientists, and they are even more surprised when they learn that they have been on the planet for centuries. The first humans agree to help the team of scientists, and they all return to the space station. The team of scientists is able to use the portal to return to their own time, and they are able to warn the people of the future about the god. The people of the future are able to prepare for the god's return, and they are able to defeat him.