In the year 2120, the world is a very different place. Global temperatures have risen to catastrophic levels, resulting in huge areas of the planet becoming uninhabitable. To try and control the population, the government has implemented a strict one-child policy. Those who violate this policy are sent to prison camps located in Sub-Saharan Africa. The story follows a young woman named Lily who is sent to one of these prison camps. Immediately, she is thrown into a world of violence and brutality. The prisoners are constantly fighting with each other, and the guards do nothing to stop it. Lily quickly realizes that the only way to survive is to become tough and hard. She befriends a girl named Rose, who is in the camp for the same reason as Lily. Together, they try to find a way to escape. But the more they plan, the more they realize that there is no way out. The prison is in the middle of a vast desert, and there is no way to cross it without being caught. One day, Lily and Rose are called to the office of the prison camp's leader, a woman known as The Warden. The Warden tells them that she has been watching them and she knows that they are planning to escape. She offers them a deal: if they can find a way to escape and make it to the other side of the desert, she will let them go. Lily and Rose take The Warden up on her offer. They spend the next few weeks making preparations and gathering supplies. Finally, they make their escape. They have to cross the desert, avoiding the guard towers and searchlights. At one point, they are caught in a sandstorm and they seem to be lost. But they persevere and eventually they make it to the other side. When they reach the other side, they are met by a group of people who have been sent by The Warden. They are taken to a safe place where they can rest and recover. The Warden tells them that they are the first people to ever escape from her prison camp. She offers them a choice: they can either stay in the safe place and live out their lives, or they can go back and try to help the other prisoners. Lily and Rose decide to go back. They know that it will be dangerous, but they can't leave the other prisoners behind. They begin working on a plan to help the other prisoners escape. But The Warden is always one step ahead of them. She knows what they're planning and she is determined to stop them. The Warden is a ruthless and powerful opponent, but Lily and Rose are determined to free the other prisoners. They refuse to give up, even when the odds seem impossible. Finally, after months of planning and fighting, they succeed. They lead a mass escape of prisoners from the camp and they all make it to the other side of the desert. The Warden is arrested and put on trial. She is found guilty of crimes against humanity and is sent to prison. Lily and Rose are hailed as heroes. They have risked their lives to help others, and they have changed the world.