The story begins on the moon, in an alternative timeline where the human race has never existed. Instead, the planet is inhabited by a race of intelligent, nightmarish creatures who are the result of a failed experiment by an otherworldly species. These creatures are incredibly strong and fast, and they live in a state of constant hunger, devouring anything and everything they can get their hands on. For generations, they have been locked in a never-ending cycle of violence, fighting and eating each other in a desperate attempt to survive. One day, one of the creatures finds a strange object in the wreckage of a ship that crash-landed on the moon long ago. This object turns out to be a human cell, and when the creature ingests it, something strange happens. The cell begins to change the creature, giving it the ability to think and feel emotions. As the creature begins to change, it starts to feel emotions like sadness and regret. It begins to see the never-ending cycle of violence and death that it is trapped in, and it longs for something more. The creature starts to reach out to the other creatures, trying to communicate with them and make them see the world the way it does. However, the other creatures are so far gone that they can't understand what the creature is trying to say. The creature is eventually rejected by the others and forced to live on the outskirts of their society. It spends its days observing the others and trying to find a way to break the cycle of violence. One day, the creature has a vision of a great tree that is bearing fruit. The fruit is ripe and juicy, and it represents life and fertility. The creature knows that this tree is the key to breaking the cycle of violence, and it sets out to find it. The creature eventually finds the tree, but it is guarded by a group of the other creatures. The creature knows that it will have to fight them in order to get to the tree, and it does so, even though it knows that it will probably die in the process. The creature manages to reach the tree and starts to eat the fruit, but it is interrupted when the other creatures arrive. The creature knows that it has to defend the tree, and it does so, even though it is outnumbered and outmatched. In the end, the creature is killed, but not before it manages to kill several of the other creatures. As the creature dies, it hears the voices of the other creatures changing. They are no longer the mindless, violent creatures that they once were. They are now intelligent beings that are capable of relationships and emotional connection. The creature's sacrifice has finally broken the cycle of violence, and the world will never be the same.