The story opens with our main character, a young man in his early 20s, living in Brazil. He's just your average stoner, working a dead-end job and barely scraping by. One day, he comes across a strange article online about a possible alternate timeline in which Brazil is the world's leading superpower. Intrigued, he does some further research and discovers that there may be some truth to the theory. He starts to behave oddly, becoming more withdrawn and paranoid. His friends and family start to worry about him, but he insists that he's just fine. All he wants to do is learn more about this alternate timeline. As he delves deeper into his research, our main character becomes more and more obsessed. He starts to believe that he's actually living in this alternate timeline, and that something is coming to get him. He starts to distance himself from his friends and family, and they slowly start to give up on him. One day, he comes across a video online that seems to confirm his suspicions. In the video, a group of people are discussing the alternate timeline and what it could mean for the world. They seem to be on the verge of discovering something big, but our main character can't quite figure out what it is. He becomes even more obsessed, and his behavior gets even more erratic. He starts to believe that he's being watched, and that the people in the alternate timeline are out to get him. His family and friends are at their wit's end, and they eventually have him committed to a mental institution. In the mental institution, our main character has a breakdown. He comes to believe that he is living in the alternate timeline, and that he needs to find a way to get back to his own timeline. He becomes convinced that the people in the alternate timeline are coming to get him, and he starts to lash out. Eventually, he snap and attacks one of the nurses. He's restrained and sedated, and he's placed in a padded cell. There, he spends the rest of his days, ranting and raving about the alternate timeline and the people who are coming to get him.