5th century Germany was a time of great unrest. The Roman Empire was crumbling and different warring factions were vying for control. Against this backdrop, a young boy named Martin grows up. He is from a humble background and doesn't have much, but he is a good and decent person. One day, when he is out walking, he comes across a group of bullies who are picking on a smaller boy. Martin steps in and defends the boy, even though he knows he will likely get beaten up for it. He does get beaten up, but he feels good about standing up for what is right. This incident begins to radicalize Martin and he starts to become more and more interested in the idea of fighting for justice. He begins to read about the different warring factions and starts to develop a strong opinion about which ones are in the right and which ones are in the wrong. Eventually, Martin's views come to the attention of the authorities and he is arrested. He is thrown into jail, but he does not give up. He continues to fight for what he believes in, even though it seems hopeless. In jail, Martin meets a man named Constantine, who is also a prisoner. Constantine is from a wealthy background and he is highly educated. He has been arrested for his own political beliefs. Constantine and Martin become friends and they start to discuss their different beliefs. They both realize that they are fighting for the same thing, even though they come from different backgrounds. Eventually, they are both released from jail and they decide to start a movement together. They travel around the country, gathering support for their cause. They are opposed by many people, but they continue to fight and they slowly start to make progress. More and more people join their cause and they begin to gain influence. As their influence grows, the authorities become more and more concerned. They start to crack down on the movement and they arrest Constantine. Martin is left alone, but he does not give up. He continues to fight and he eventually manages to gain enough support to overthrow the government. With the government overthrown, Martin and Constantine are finally able to bring about the changes they have been fighting for. They establish a new government that is based on equality and justice. The new regime is not popular with everyone and there are still many people who oppose it. However, Martin and Constantine continue to fight for their beliefs and they slowly start to win over the opponents. They succeed in creating a better world for themselves and for those who come after them. Their legacy is one of hope and inspiration.