The story is set in an alternate timeline in which China is the dominant super power. In this timeline, China has a dark and sinister history of producing "video nasties" - horrific and disturbing films that are banned in most countries. However, in China, these films are hugely popular and revered by the masses. The protagonist is a young woman named Mei who is a huge fan of video nasties. She lives in a small town in China and has been fascinated by these films since she was a child. When she was younger, her father used to rent them for her from a local store. She would watch them secretly, cloaked in shadows, and be absolutely captivated by their depraved content. As Mei gets older, her interest in video nasties does not wane. In fact, it only grows stronger. She starts to buy and collect her own films, and even begins to make her own. Her films are even more extreme and provocative than the ones she grew up watching, and they quickly gain a large following online. However, as Mei's films become more and more popular, she attracted the attention of the Chinese government. She is eventually arrested and thrown into prison, where she is subjected to horrific abuse. Mei eventually manages to escape from prison, and she flees to the United States. She starts a new life there, but she is still haunted by her experience in China. She continues to make and distribute her films, but she does so secretly, always looking over her shoulder for fear of being discovered and arrested again. As Mei's films become more and more popular in the underground scene, she gains the attention of some major Hollywood players. They approach her about making a mainstream film, and she agrees. The film is a huge success, and it propels Mei to international stardom. She becomes one of the most famous and acclaimed directors in the world. However, even as her star is on the rise, she still feels a great deal of guilt and shame for the films she made in China. Mei eventually decides to go back to China and face her demons. She makes a new film about her experience in prison, and it is an instant hit. It opens people's eyes to the reality of life in China, and it helps to spark a revolution. As a result of Mei's film, the Chinese government is overthrown and a new regime is put in place. Mei becomes a symbol of freedom and hope for the people of China, and she finally feels at peace with her past.