In the year 1399, on the Pacific island of Okinawa, a young girl named Ayaka is born into a family of revered farmers. Though her parents dote on her and her older sister, Miho, Ayaka always feels a bit out of place. She's more interested in learning the ways of the samurai - the island's legendary warriors - than in farming. When she's sixteen, Ayaka gets her wish. After she saves Miho from a dangerous attack by a wild boar, their father decides it's time for Ayaka to start her training. Ayaka is thrilled to begin her warrior education, but quickly discovers that it's not easy. She's often homesick and struggles to keep up with the boys in her class. But she is determined to become a great samurai like her heroes. One day, while Ayaka is out practicing with her sword, she's suddenly attacked by a group of ronin - masterless samurai. She's outnumbered and outmatched, but Ayaka fights with all her heart and eventually drives them off. Though she's injured, she knows she's made her family proud. As Ayaka continues her samurai training, she quickly becomes one of the most skilled warriors on the island. She's also become good friends with the other students, including a boy named Akira. One day, news comes that a rival clan is planning to attack Okinawa. Ayaka and the other samurai students are sent to defend the island. Though they're outnumbered and outgunned, they fight bravely and eventually drive the invaders back. After the battle, Ayaka is hailed as a hero. She's earned the respect of her friends and comrades, and finally feels like she belongs. With the island now at peace, Ayaka turns her attention to the future. She's determined to compete in the prestigious samurai tournament that takes place every few years. If she can win, she'll not only be recognized as one of the greatest warriors in the land, but she'll also be able to take her place among the samurai of legends. Ayaka trains hard for the tournament, but she's also dealing with personal issues. Miho has become seriously ill and her parents are struggling to pay for her medical care. Akira has also been acting strange lately, and Ayaka can't help but wonder if he's interested in her. On the day of the tournament, Ayaka takes the field. She's up against some of the best samurai in the land, but she's ready to give it her all. In the end, she emerges victorious, winning not only the tournament, but also the love of her friends and family.