It is the early 20th century. Imagine a time when space travel is a new and exciting concept. Scientists and engineers are working tirelessly to develop the technology to make it a reality. Among them is a young man named Sergei Krikalev. He is a Russian engineer with a mischievous streak. He is alwayswidth-1394" width="700" alt=""> As the years go by, Sergei Krikalev becomes a leading expert on space travel. He develops many of the key technologies that make space travel possible. But he has a dream to do more than just travel to space. He wants to live there. In the early days of the space program, Sergei Krikalev is selected to be one of the first men to go to space. He is overjoyed. He trains hard and soon finds himself on a rocket headed for orbit. The early days of space flight are filled with adventure and danger. But Sergei Krikalev is a natural. He quickly adapts to the conditions in space and excels at his job. He becomes an international celebrity and a hero to the people of Russia. But Sergei Krikalev's life is about to take a turn. A new political regime comes to power in Russia. They are not interested in spaceflight or exploration. They cancel the space program and send Sergei Krikalev back to Earth. Sergei Krikalev is heartbroken. He has dedicated his life to spaceflight and now he is being forced to retire. He spends his days working on his space technology designs in his backyard workshop. Suddenly, a new opportunity arises. A private company approaches Sergei Krikalev and offers him a job developing space technology for them. Sergei Krikalev jumps at the chance. He works for the company for many years and makes significant progress on several key space technology projects. But he never forgets his dream of living in space. Finally, at the age of 60, Sergei Krikalev gets his chance. He is selected to be the commander of a new space station that is being built. He is overjoyed. He immediately begins to prepare for the launch. The launch is a success and Sergei Krikalev finds himself in orbit once again. He settles into his new life and starts working on the station's systems. But there are problems. The station is not completed and there are not enough supplies. The crew is forced to ration food and water. They are also constantly having to repair equipment. Life on the space station is hard, but Sergei Krikalev doesn't give up. He is determined to make it work. One day, a new crew arrives at the space station. They are from Russia and they are there to help with the construction. Sergei Krikalev is overjoyed to have some help. The new crewmembers get to work right away. They quickly complete the construction of the station. With the help of the new crew, the space station finally becomes operational. But the new crewmembers are not there just to help with the construction. They are also there to take over the space station. Sergei Krikalev is forced to leave and he is devastated. He returns to Earth and tries to forget about his time in space. He goes back to work on his space technology designs. But he can't help but think about the space station and the crew that he left behind. Many years go by and Sergei Krikalev never gives up on his dream of living in space. He continues to work on his space technology designs. One day, he gets a call from the Russian space agency. They want him to come back to space. They need his help to fix a problem with one of the space station's systems. Sergei Krikalev is overjoyed. He immediately begins to prepare for his return to space. He is excited to see the space station again and to help the crew. The launch is a success and Sergei Krikalev finds himself back on the space station. He is reunited with the crew and they are happy to see him. To Sergei Krikalev's surprise, the space station has changed. It is now a research facility and it is filled with scientists from all over the world. They are there to study the effects of long-term spaceflight on the human body. Sergei Krikalev is amazed. He had no idea that the space station had become such a important place. He is proud to be a part of it. The crew and the scientists work together to study the effects of spaceflight on the human body. They make many discoveries that will help future astronauts. But the work is not easy. The crew is often tired and stressed. They are also facing many challenges, including a growing number of mechanical problems. One day, Sergei Krikalev is in the laboratory working on an experiment when he suddenly falls ill. He is rushed to the infirmary and the doctors are concerned. They run tests and eventually diagnosed him with a rare condition that is caused by long-term exposure to space. Sergei Krikalev is devastated. He knows that he will never be able to return to Earth. He is now a permanent resident of the space station. But he doesn't give up. He continues to work with the crew and the scientists. He is determined to help them with their research. The years go by and Sergei Krikalev becomes old and frail. But he continues to live on the space station and he remains an important part of the crew. One day, a new crew arrives at the space station. They are from Russia and they are there to take over the station. Sergei Krikalev is sad to see the old crew go, but he is happy to see the new crew. The new crew is excited to be on the space station and they are eager to get to work. They are quickly getting settled in when they receive a distress call from Earth. There has been a major disaster and the space station is needed to help with the relief effort. The new crew is ready to go. Sergei Krikalev is staying behind. He is too frail to make the journey. But he is proud of the new crew and he knows that they will be able to help the people of Earth. The new crew arrives at the space station to find it in disarray. They must work quickly to get it operational again. Once the space station is up and running, they begin to receive communications from Earth. The people of Earth are in desperate need of help. The space station is unable to provide the level of help that is needed, so the new crew decides to return to Earth. They say goodbye to Sergei Krikalev and begin the journey home. The journey is long and difficult, but the crew perseveres. They finally arrive back on Earth. The crew is met with a hero's welcome. They are hailed as heroes for their brave deeds. Sergei Krikalev watches from the space station as the crew is celebrated. He is proud of them and he knows that they will make a difference.