The 22nd century is a time of great danger and heroism. In another solar system, a brave group of humans are fighting for their very survival. They are up against overwhelming odds, and their only hope is to find a way to escape to safety. Their enemies are a ruthless group of aliens who are determined to exterminate them. The humans are outgunned and outnumbered, but they refuse to give up. They know that if they can just hold out long enough, help will come. The aliens are relentless in their pursuit, and the humans are constantly on the run. They are battered and bruised, but they continue to fight. They know that their only chance is to keep moving and to stay one step ahead of their enemies. One day, the humans make a daring escape. They manage to steal one of the alien ships and make their way to safety. They are finally able to rest and regroup, and they begin to plan their next move. The humans are now stranded on a hostile planet. They are struggling to survive, and they know that they need to find a way off the planet. They are reluctant to leave, however, because they know that the aliens will follow them. They decide to split up into two groups. One group will stay behind and try to find a way to repair their ship. The other group will venture out into the wilderness in search of help. The group that stays behind is quickly captured by the aliens. The other group manages to find a group of friendly aliens who are willing to help them. With the help of their new allies, the humans are finally able to repair their ship. They make their escape just as the aliens are about to capture them. The humans are now safe, but they are not out of danger yet. They must find a way to warn the other humans about the aliens. They must also find a way to stop the aliens from coming after them. The humans are now on a mission to save their species. They are fighting for their lives, and they will not give up. They are brave and determined, and they will not rest until the aliens are stopped.