In 19th century Asia, a young woman named Ling is forced to flee her home after her village is destroyed by a warlord. She is taken in by a group of rebels who are fighting against the warlord's tyranny. Ling quickly proves herself to be a valuable member of the group, using her skills as a hunter to help them survive in the harsh conditions of the wilderness. The rebels are constantly on the move, evading the warlord's soldiers who are in hot pursuit. One day, Ling is out hunting when she comes across the warlord's daughter, who has been injured and lost in the forest. Ling takes her in, against the wishes of her fellow rebels. The warlord's daughter, who is named Mei, is initially hostile towards Ling, but she eventually opens up and the two women form a close bond. Ling decides to take Mei back to her home village in the hopes of finding her family. However, when they arrive, they are horrified to discover that the village has been completely destroyed. Ling and Mei are then captured by the warlord's soldiers and brought before the warlord himself. Ling and Mei are brought before the warlord, who is interested in Mei because she is his daughter. However, he is also repulsed by her because she is half-Chinese. The warlord orders his soldiers to kill Ling, but Mei begs him to spare her life. The warlord decides to keep Ling alive, in the hopes that she will lead him to the rebel base. Ling is taken to the warlord's palace, where she is kept as a prisoner. She is constantly interrogated by the warlord, who wants to know the location of the rebel base. However, Ling refuses to reveal anything, even under torture. Meanwhile, the rebels are planning a rescue mission to save Ling. They launching a bold attack on the palace, but they are outnumbered and outgunned by the warlord's soldiers. The rebels are on the verge of being defeated when Ling finally manages to escape from her prison cell. She rallies the rebels and helps them turn the tide of the battle. In the end, the rebels are victorious and the warlord is defeated. Ling and Mei are finally reunited and they return to the rebel base. Ling is hailed as a hero for her role in the warlord's defeat. She is also given a position of authority within the rebel group. Ling and Mei continue to fight alongside the rebels, working towards the day when they can finally restore peace to their homeland.