Drew is a high school student in a small town in the late Renaissance. He's not popular, and he's not very good at martial arts. But he's determined to prove himself, and he's been secretly training with Mr. Lee, the town's martial arts master. One day, Drew sees a group of bullies picking on a younger student. He knows he can't take them all on, but he can't just stand by and do nothing. He challenges the leader of the bullies to a fight, and to everyone's surprise, he wins. From then on, Drew is the town's martial arts champion. He's respected by everyone, and he's finally happy. But his happiness is short-lived. The bullies he defeated want revenge, and they won't stop until they destroy him. Drew must train harder than ever before to defend his title, and his life. Drew is training hard for his upcoming fight against the bullies, but he's also dealing with the pressures of being the town's champion. He's still not popular, and people are always putting expectations on him. He's also got a lot of anger and resentment built up inside. He's been bottling it up, but it's starting to come out in his fighting. Mr. Lee warns him that he's losing control, and if he doesn't get a handle on his emotions, he's going to get himself killed. Drew tries to ignore Mr. Lee's warnings, but he can't keep his fury in check. He gets into a street fight with the bullies, and he nearly kills one of them. He's arrested and put on trial. With Mr. Lee's help, Drew is able to get his anger under control. He's cleared of all charges, and he returns to his training. He knows he can't let his emotions get the better of him again, or he'll lose everything he's fought for. FINALE: The final battle between Drew and the bullies is about to begin. Drew is scared, but he's also determined to win. He's put everything on the line to get to this point, and he can't let himself down. The fight is brutal, and neither fighter is holding anything back. Drew is slowly losing ground, but he refuses to give up. And then, in a surge of strength, he finally defeats the bullies. He's battered and bruised, but he's the victor. He's proven himself to be the town's true martial arts champion. And he's finally at peace.