The story begins in the year 3rd century BCE in the Pacific Ocean. A group of superhero films begins to film their latest movie. However, things soon go wrong when the director begins to make changes that the actors and actresses do not like. The mood on the set becomes very tense and the atmosphere grows increasingly hostile. production starts to fall behind schedule and the studio begins to lose faith in the project. At the same time, a young man named Sarcastic is living on a remote island in the Pacific. He is fairly Tower Of his own and does not really interact with the other people on the island. He is content to just fish and hunt for food. One day, however, he stumbles upon a strange device that washes up on the shore. It is a film camera that is still in working condition. Intrigued, Sarcastic takes it back to his hut and begins to experiment with it. Soon, Sarcastic becomes obsessed with making his own films. He begins to travel around the island, filming the different animals and plants. He also starts to film the people on the island, although he is careful to stay out of sight. As Sarcastic becomes more confident in his filmmaking skills, he decides to make a documentary about the superhero film that is being made in the Pacific. Sarcastic sneaks onto the set of the superhero film and begins to film the actors and actresses. He quickly learns that the director is extremely controlling and is demanding that the actors and actresses do everything exactly as he wants. This does not sit well with the cast and crew, and they start to rebel against the director. The situation on the set quickly deteriorates and soon the entire production is in chaos. Sarcastic continues to film the chaos and the rebellion. He captures some amazing footage of the cast and crew fighting against the director. The film becomes an instant hit and Sarcastic quickly becomes a celebrity. He is interviewed by the press and his face is plastered on magazine covers. However, the director of the superhero film is not happy. He is furious that Sarcastic has made him look bad and he demands that the young man be arrested. Sarcastic is brought before a court and the director testifies against him. Sarcastic is convicted and sent to prison. Sarcastic is thrown into a crowded and uncomfortable prison cell. He is miserable and he quickly realizes that he is not going to be able to make any more films while he is in prison. He becomes depressed and his health starts to deteriorate. The other prisoners tease and bully him, but Sarcastic does not fight back. He just takes the abuse and continues to sink deeper into depression. One day, Sarcastic is called to the warden's office. He is told that the director of the superhero film has been killed and that he is being released from prison. Sarcastic is thrilled to be out of prison, but he is also sad that the director is dead. He decides to attend the director's funeral. At the funeral, Sarcastic sees the cast and crew of the superhero film. They are all grieving the loss of their director. Sarcastic feels a sudden surge of anger and he yells at the mourners, telling them that they are all responsible for the director's death. He is quickly escorted out of the funeral. As Sarcastic walks away from the funeral, he realizes that he is right. The cast and crew of the superhero film are responsible for the director's death. If they had just followed the director's orders, he would still be alive. Sarcastic decides to get revenge on the people who killed the director. Sarcastic begins to stalk the cast and crew of the superhero film. He knows all of their schedules and he starts to send them threatening letters. He also starts to vandalize their homes and cars. The cast and crew are terrified and they have no idea who is behind the harassment. One night, Sarcastic breaks into the home of one of the actresses. She wakes up to find him standing over her bed. He tells her that she is going to pay for what she did to the director. The actress pleads for her life, but Sarcastic does not listen. He kills her and then he sets her house on fire. Sarcastic continues to stalk and terrorize the cast and crew. He picks them off one by one, until only a few of them are left. The remaining cast and crew members are so scared that they decide to stop making the superhero film. They abandon the production and flee the country. As the cast and crew flee, Sarcastic watches from the shadows. He is satisfied that he has gotten his revenge. The film is never finished and it is quickly forgotten. Sarcastic continues to live on his remote island. He never leaves and he never speaks to anyone. He spends his days fishing and hunting. The only reminder of his former life is the camera that he found all those years ago. He still has it and he still uses it to make films. Sarcastic's films are very different from the superhero film that he made all those years ago. They are dark and brooding. They are filled with violence and death. They are not popular, but Sarcastic does not care. He is content to just make the films that he wants to make. The years pass and Sarcastic becomes an old man. He is still living on the same island and he is still making films. He spends his days wandering around the island, filming the animals and the plants. He still has not spoken to another human being in many years. One day, Sarcastic hears a strange noise. He follow the noise and he comes to a clearing. In the clearing is a film crew. They are making a film about Sarcastic. The crew is startled when they see Sarcastic. They did not know that he was still alive. Sarcastic just stares at them and then he turns and walks away. The crew does not try to stop him. They just watch as he disappears into the trees.