It is the 5th century BCE and China is in a period of great upheaval. The ancient feudal system is breaking down and warlords are vying for control of the country. In the midst of this turmoil, a young woman named Ji-li comes of age. Ji-li is from a wealthy family and is originally content to live a life of luxury and privilege. However, her world is turned upside down when her father is accused of treason and executed. Her family is ruined and Ji-li is forced to move to the countryside. In the countryside, Ji-li is initially resentful of her new, more humble circumstances. But she soon comes to love the people and the land. She also meets a young man named Lau and falls in love with him. However, just as Ji-li is beginning to find happiness in her new life, China is plunged into war. Lau is drafted into the army and Ji-li is forced to flee her home. She eventually ends up in the city of Luoyang, where she manages to find work as a servant. Life is hard, but Ji-li is determined to survive. The war continues to rage and Lau is constantly on Ji-li's mind. She writes to him regularly, but she has no way of knowing if he is still alive. One day, by chance, Ji-li run into Lau in the city. He is alive, but he has been gravely wounded. Ji-li takes him in and nurses him back to health. As they spend more time together, Ji-li and Lau realize that they are still in love. However, they both know that they can never be together. Lau is betrothed to another woman and Ji-li is now a servant. Despite their social differences, Ji-li and Lau continue to see each other in secret. But their happiness is short-lived. The war soon reaches the city and they are forced to flee again. This time, they end up in the mountains, where they are finally able to be together. They live in relative peace for a time, but the war eventually catches up to them. Lau is killed and Ji-li is once again alone. Ji-li is heartbroken, but she knows that she has to go on. She returns to the city and takes up work as a servant once again. Years pass and Ji-li never forgets Lau. She continues to live in the city, but her heart is in the mountains. One day, she decides to return to the place where she and Lau were happiest. She walks up to the mountains, where she finds an old woman living in a small hut. The woman turns out to be Lau's mother. She tells Ji-li that Lau died many years ago and she has been waiting for Ji-li to return. Ji-li stays with Lau's mother for the rest of her days. She never forgets Lau, but she finds peace in knowing that they will be together again in the next life.