Captain J.T. Wilder of the starship USS Ernest Rutherford is on a five-year mission to explore deep space. It is a time of great excitement and adventure for the crew as they travel to distant galaxies and make new discoveries. However, on their latest mission, things take a turn for the worse. As they enter an unknown region of space, the ship is attacked by a horde of aliens. The creatures are unlike anything they have ever seen before and they are quickly overrun. During the course of the battle, Wilder is wounded and taken prisoner by the aliens. He is taken to their home world, where he is experimented on and subjected to unthinkable torture. As he suffers at the hands of his captors, Wilder's mind starts to unravel. He begins to question who he is and what his purpose is. He wonders if he will ever escape and return to his ship and crew. Wilder's captors continue to torture and experiment on him, but he does not break. He remains stubbornly resistant to their attempts to break him. As he suffers, Wilder starts to have strange visions. He sees his ship and crew, but they are in different places and different times. He sees them fighting and dying, but he does not know if they are real or if they are just products of hisimagination. Wilder's captors become frustrated with him and decide to subject him to a final, brutal experiment. They remove his eyes and insert two strange orbs in their place. These orbs allow Wilder to see into the past, present, and future. He sees all the different paths his life could have taken and all the different ways his ship and crew could have died. He also sees a way to escape. Wilder finally breaks free from his captors and makes his way back to his ship. He is driven by a single purpose: to find and rescue his crew. He knows it will not be easy, but he is willing to do whatever it takes. He is a changed man, but he is still the same strong and determined leader his crew knows and loves. He will stop at nothing to save them and he will not rest until they are all safe.