In a future France that is both recognizable and yet strange, the world is divided into different factions. Among them are the mondos, who live in a society that is based on pleasure and excess. The mondos are constantly seeking new ways to entertain themselves and are always on the lookout for the next outrageous thing to do. One day, a group of mondos comes up with the idea to create a giant race called the Tour de France. The race will pit teams of cyclists against each other in a competition that will span the entire country. The mondos are eager to see who will be the first to cross the finish line, and they are not afraid to use whatever means necessary to win. As the race begins, the mondos are quickly able to take the lead. However, they soon find themselves being pursued by a team of cyclists from another faction called the Immortals. The Immortals are determined to win the race and will do whatever it takes to catch up to the mondos. The race becomes a battle of wills between the two teams, and as the finish line draws nearer, the stakes become higher. The mondos are determined to win at all cost, but the Immortals are equally determined to stop them. Who will cross the finish line first? The race takes the teams through some of the most beautiful and dangerous parts of the country. The mondos are constantly on the lookout for new ways to entertain themselves, and they are not afraid to take risks. As the race progresses, the mondos begin to pull ahead of the Immortals. However, the Immortals are not ready to give up. They continue to pursue the mondos, and the race becomes a battle of wills between the two teams. The mondos are determined to win at all cost, but the Immortals are equally determined to stop them. As the finish line draws nearer, the stakes become higher. Who will cross the finish line first? The race comes down to the wire, and the mondos are just barely able to cross the finish line first. The Immortals are close behind, but they are not able to catch up to the mondos. The mondos have won the race, but at what cost? The race has taken a toll on both teams, and it is clear that the mondos will never be the same. They have learned that there is more to life than just winning, and they will never forget the lessons they have learned.