Dae-hyun is a young man living in Korea in the early modern period. He is attracted to other men and has frequent trysts with his friend Jong-hun, but remains closeted due to the social stigma against homosexuality. One day, Dae-hyun meet a charming and handsome nobleman named Seo-jun, who is also gay. The two men quickly fall in love, but must keep their relationship a secret. Dae-hyun and Seo-jun live happily together for several years, despite the challenges of having to keep their relationship hidden. However, their secret is eventually discovered by Seo-jun's family, who arranged for him to marry a woman for the sake of appearances. Seo-jun is forced to marry, but he and Dae-hyun continue to meet in secret and their love for each other remains strong. Eventually, Seo-jun's wife becomes pregnant and he is forced to put an end to his relationship with Dae-hyun. Dae-hyun is heartbroken, but decides to move on with his life. Years pass and Dae-hyun meets another man named Sun-woo. The two men fall in love and start a family together, but their happiness is shattered when Sun-woo is killed in a freak accident. Dae-hyun is once again left alone, but finds comfort in the fact that he has his two young children to care for. As the years go by, Dae-hyun's children grow up and eventually leave home. Dae-hyun is now an old man, but he still thinks of Seo-jun and the happiness they shared together. One day, Dae-hyun gets a surprise visit from Seo-jun, who has finally been able to divorce his wife and is now free to live his life as he chooses. The two men are joyfully reunited and spend the rest of their days together. Dae-hyun and Seo-jun live out their days in happiness, finally able to openly express their love for each other. They are an inspiration to their community and help break down the barriers against homosexuality. They become symbols of hope for other queer people, who finally see that it is possible to live happy and fulfilling lives despite the challenges they face.