A long time ago, in a land that was very different from our own, two young girls grew up together in a small village in sub-Saharan Africa. They were best friends, and they did everything together. They went to the same school, played together in the same fields, and dreamed of the same future. But then, one day, a terrible event happened that changed everything. A group of marauders attacked the village, killing many people and burning everything to the ground. The two girls were separated in the chaos and fled in different directions. For years, the two friends searched for each other, but they never found each other again. They both eventually settled down and started families of their own, but the pain of their separation never faded. One day, out of the blue, they received a strange message telling them to meet at a certain place at a certain time. They both knew that this was the work of some kind of magic, but they couldn't resist the pull of the message and so they set out on a journey to find each other once again. MAIN PART: The girls reunion is emotional as they have both changed so much in the years they have been apart. They fill each other in on all that has happened in their lives and catch up on all the news from their families. They spend days just talking and catching up, relishing being back in each other's company. However, they soon realize that the message that brought them back together was not just a coincidence. They were meant to be together for a reason. They are the only two people in the world who have the power to stop an evil sorcerer who is terrorizing the land. The sorcerer is a very powerful magic user who has been using his powers to enslave the people of the land. He is a cruel and ruthless ruler, and the people are living in fear of him. The two girls use their own powers to battle the sorcerer and his minions. In the end, they are successful in defeating him and freeing the people from his tyranny. ENDING: After the battle is over, the two girls go their separate ways again. But this time, they part as heroines who have saved the land from a terrible evil. They remain best friends forever, and their legend is passed down through the generations.