The planet is called Svartalfheim, and it is a dark and foreboding place; ruled by a cruel and tyrannical ruler. The people of Svartalfheim are a tough and hardy people, used to living in a hostile environment. They are a proud people, and do not take kindly to outsiders. One day, a spacecraft from Earth crash-lands on Svartalfheim, and the only survivor is a young boy namedJohn. John is taken in by a kindly old woman, who decides to raise him as her own. As John grows up, he quickly realizes that he is different from everyone else on Svartalfheim. He is taller, stronger, and more intelligent than the other children. He also has a strange affinity for animals, and they seem to instinctively trust him. John quickly becomes the outcast of the community, but he doesn't mind; because he knows that he is special, and that one day he will find his place in the world. One day, when John is out exploring the forest, he comes across a strange creature that is being terrorized by a group of bullies. John intervenes, and helps the creature to safety. The creature, who is called a GNOM, is very grateful to John, and decides to help him in his quest to find out more about his past. The GNOM leads John to a secret underground laboratory, where he finds out that he is actually a clones. John is shocked and horrified to learn that he is not the only one; there are hundreds, maybe even thousands of clones just like him. They were all created for the purpose of being used as soldiers in a war that is raging on another planet. The clones are all taken to the other planet, where they are trained to fight in the war. John quickly proves to be the most skilled and powerful fighter of them all. He quickly rises through the ranks, and becomes the leader of the clones. As the leader, John is tasked with leading his troops into battle against the enemy. The war is a long and brutal one, but John and his clones are eventually victorious. They return to Svartalfheim, where they are hailed as heroes. John is finally accepted by the people of Svartalfheim, and he finally feels like he belongs.