In the beginning, we are introduced to the main character, European expatriate Harry. Harry has recently moved to Europe from America, and is struggling to adjust to the new culture. He is also trying to make sense of the disturbing events that have been taking place in his new home country. One day, Harry hears about astring of brutal murders that have been committed in the city. The victims are all young women, and the culprit has not been caught yet. Harry is disturbed by the news and decides to investigate the crimes himself. He begins by talking to the families of the victims and quickly learns that they all have one thing in common: they were all involved in the sex industry. This leads Harry to believe that the killer is targeting sex workers. As he continues to investigate, Harry becomes more and more convinced that the killer is a man named Peter, an acquaintance of his. Harry decides to confront Peter, but when he does, he is shocked to learn that Peter is actually the killer. Peter then confesses to Harry that he has been killing sex workers because he believes they are "immoral" and "unworthy of life." Harry is horrified by this revelation, but is also fascinated by it. In the middle of the story, we see Harry struggling to come to terms with what he has learned about Peter. He is torn between his revulsion for the murders and his need to understand why Peter did them. Harry also begins to feel empathy for Peter, and the two men develop a strange bond. They start to spend more time together, and Peter even confides in Harry about his childhood trauma and his reasons for killing. At the same time, the police are closing in on Peter. They have evidence that links him to the murders, and they are eager to apprehend him. One night, Harry and Peter are talking in a bar when the police come in and arrest Peter. Harry is devastated, but he knows that he did the right thing in turning Peter in. In the end, Harry is left with many unanswered questions. He is haunted by his relationship with Peter, and by the horrific events that he witnessed. However, he is also able to take some solace in the knowledge that he helped to bring a dangerous killer to justice.