It is the year 1564 in Africa, and the continent is in a state of late Renaissance. Innovations in weapons and warfare have allowed European colonial powers to gain a foothold in many parts of the continent, and they are not shy about using their newfound military might to extend their reach. Among the most powerful of these colonial powers is the Kingdom of Portugal, which has established a large presence in Africa. The Portuguese have been waging war against the Kingdom of Kongo for some time, and they are now on the verge of victory. The Kongolese king, Nzinga a Nkuwu, is desperate to turn the tide of the war, and he turns to the one man he believes can help him do this: an enigmatic mercenary known only as the Black Panther. The Black Panther is a legend in his own right, and he is said to be unbeatable in combat. Nzinga a Nkuwu is willing to pay whatever the Black Panther asks for his services, and so the mercenary agree to help the Kongolese king. The Black Panther quickly proves his worth, leading the Kongolese army to a series of stunning victories against the Portuguese. Nzinga a Nkuwu is overjoyed, and he lavishes the Black Panther with rewards. With the Kongolese army now firmly on the offensive, the Black Panther sets his sights on the Portuguese stronghold of Mueda. The fortress is said to be impregnable, but the Black Panther is confident that he can take it. He assembles a team of Kongolese soldiers and begins the march on Mueda. Along the way, they are ambushed by Portuguese troops, but the Black Panther and his men fight their way through. They finally reach Mueda and lay siege to the fortress. After a fierce battle, the Black Panther and his men succeed in breaching the fortress walls and take the Portuguese garrison by surprise. The Kongolese army takes control of Mueda, dealing a severe blow to the Portuguese. With Mueda in their hands, the Kongolese army is now in a position to strike at the heart of the Portuguese colony. The Black Panther leads his men on a daring raid against the Portuguese capital, Lisbon. In a spectacular assault, they take the city and drive the Portuguese out of Kongo. Nzinga a Nkuwu is now the undisputed ruler of Kongo, and he owes it all to the Black Panther. The Kongolese people hail the Black Panther as a hero, and he is celebrated throughout the land. With the Kongolese army now firmly in control of the situation, the Black Panther sets his sights on new goals. He wants to build a Kongo that is strong and prosperous, and he knows that this can only be achieved by defeating the other colonial powers in Africa. To this end, he begins to assemble a force of mercenaries and adventurers, hand-picked for their skills and ability to get the job done. This rag-tag group of warriors comes to be known as the Black Panther's Band of Bastards. The Black Panther and his Band of Bastards embark on a series of daring raids and military campaigns against the colonial powers. They strike fear into the hearts of their enemies, and their reputation grows with each victory. Soon, the Black Panther and his Band of Bastards are the most feared force in Africa. They are unstoppable, and it seems that nothing can stand in their way. However, the Black Panther is about to face his toughest challenge yet. The Portuguese king, John III, is determined to avenge the defeat of his forces in Kongo. He assembles a huge army and sets out to crush the Kongolese king and his forces once and for all. The Black Panther knows that he cannot defeat the Portuguese army in open combat, so he employs hit-and-run tactics, luring them into traps and ambushes. Despite his best efforts, the Black Panther is eventually outnumbered and outgunned. Faced with certain defeat, the Black Panther decides to make a last stand. He leads his remaining men to a narrow canyon, where they make their final stand against the Portuguese army. In a desperate battle, the Black Panther and his men fight to the last man. They are outnumbered and outgunned, but they refuse to give up. In the end, the Portuguese army prevails, and the Black Panther is killed. With the Black Panther dead, the Kongolese army is scattered and defeated. Nzinga a Nkuwu is captured and executed, and the Kongo Kingdom is annexed by the Portuguese. End: The Black Panther was a hero, and he will be remembered as such. His legacy will live on in the hearts of the Kongolese people, and his name will be spoken with reverence for generations to come.