On the planet Dargument, two suns rise and set each day, resulting in baking hot conditions for most of the year. The only relief from the heat comes during the brief winter season when one of the suns is eclipsed by the planet's twin moon. Despite the difficult conditions, life thrives on Dargument thanks to the presence of a series of oases which dot the landscape. At one of these oases, a young woman named Kaelyn lives with her parents and younger sister. Kaelyn's father is a skilled hunter and her mother is a healer, and they have eked out a comfortable life in the harsh environment. Kaelyn herself is a talented Inventor, and she spends her days creating useful gadgets and devices to help her family and the other members of her community. One day, when Kaelyn is out exploring the desert, she comes across a stranded spaceship. Inside the ship is a handsome alien man who has been injured in a crash. Kaelyn takes him back to her home and nurses him back to health. During his recovery, the two of them become close, and they eventually fall in love. However, the man is from a rival planet and when his ship is repaired, he must leave. Kaelyn is heartbroken, but she knows that their love can never be. Or can it? Kaelyn is content to live out her life on Dargument, but she can't forget the man she loved and lost. One day, out of curiosity, she decides to build a spaceship of her own and follow him to his home planet. When she arrives, she discovers that the man she loves is now the leader of his people. He is about to enter into an arranged marriage with a woman from a rival planet in order to solidify a peace treaty. Kaelyn knows that she can't let him go through with it, but she also can't reveal her true identity. She comes up with a plan to sabotage the wedding and disrupt the peace treaty, but in the process she exposes her own identity. The man she loves is shocked and angry that she would go to such lengths, but he can't deny his feelings for her. The two of them must find a way to be together despite the political machinations of their respective planets. Kaelyn and her lover find a way to be together and they live happily ever after. However, the peace treaty between their two planets is shattered and a war breaks out. Kaelyn and her lover are forced to flee their home planets and they end up stranded on a remote planet. They must find a way to survive in the hostile environment and build a new life for themselves. Although they are cut off from the rest of the universe, they are content in each other's company and they find happiness in their new life together.