The Moon is a beautiful and mysterious place, home to many secrets and wonders. For centuries, astronomers and other curious people have gazed at the Moon, dreaming of visiting its majestic surface. In the 17th century, two young friends, Samuel and Tobias, are among those fascinated by the Moon. They spend many hours talking about what it might be like to visit the Moon and explore its wonders. One night, they make a wish upon a star that they could visit the Moon. To their amazement, the next day they find themselves on the Moon! They are ecstatic to be able to fulfill their dream and explore this strange and wonderful place. However, they soon realize that they are not alone on the Moon. There are other people there, people who have been stranded on theMoon for centuries. These people are divided into two groups: the Lunarians and the Selenites. The Lunarians are a friendly and welcoming group, happy to have the boys join them. They live in a beautiful city built upon the lunar surface. TheSelenites, on the other hand, are a cold and aloof group, who keep to themselves and do not welcome outsiders. They live in an austere city underground, where they mine the Moon's resources. The boys quickly realize that the Lunarians and Selenites are at war with each other. They also realize that they are the only ones who can stop the war and bring peace to the Moon. But can they do it? Samuel and Tobias quickly learn that the Lunarians and Selenites are two very different groups of people. The Lunarians are open and friendly, while the Selenites are cold and aloof. The boys also realize that the Lunarians and Selenites are at war with each other. The Lunarians want to keep the peace, while the Selenites want to conquest the lunar surface. The boys quickly become friends with the Lunarians and learn about their way of life. They also become friends with the Selenites and learn about their way of life. The boys soon realize that they are the only ones who can stop the war and bring peace to the Moon. But can they do it? The boys eventually succeed in stopping the war and bringing peace to the Moon. The Lunarians and Selenites learn to live in peace and harmony with each other. Samuel and Tobias return to Earth, realizing that they have made a difference in the lives of those on the Moon. They also realize that they have learned a lot about themselves and grown as people.