Thorborg is a young woman living in Scandinavia in the 4th century BCE. She is strong and independent, but also has a disability that causes her to walk with a limp. Thorborg is content with her life until she meets Arvid, a handsome and charming man who seems to be perfect in every way. Arvid is a package deal though, and comes with his own set of baggage – a dark and mysterious past that Thorborg can't help but be curious about. Slowly but surely, Thorborg becomes obsessed with Arvid and his past, to the point where it starts to consume her. Thorborg starts to distance herself from her friends and family, and spends all her time trying to uncover the truth about Arvid. But the more she learns, the more she realizes that she may not be able to handle the truth. Thorborg's obsession with Arvid starts to take a toll on her mental health, and she starts to spiral into a deep depression. She becomes fixated on the idea that she needs to know everything about him in order to be with him, and she starts to snoop through his belongings and track his every move. Arvid starts to become aware of Thorborg's behavior, and while he is initially flattered, he soon realizes that she is crossing a line. He starts to pulled away from her, which only drives Thorborg further into her spiral. At her wit's end, Thorborg decides to confront Arvid about his past once and for all. She barges into his home uninvited and demands to know the truth, but what she learns is far more than she bargained for. Arvid's past is much darker and more complicated than Thorborg ever could have imagined, and learning the truth sends her into a state of shock. She is so traumatized by what she has learned that she can no longer communicate or function normally. Thorborg is committed to a mental institution, where she spends the rest of her days in a catatonic state. The only time she shows any sign of life is when she is visited by Arvid, who comes to see her every chance he gets. In the end, Thorborg never recovers from her breakdown and she dies in the asylum. Arvid is left to mourn the woman who he loved but could never truly have.