Krishna is a young man living in India in the 14th century. He is from a lower-caste family and has always felt like an outsider. When he was younger, he was constantly getting into trouble and getting into fights. As he's gotten older, he's tried to stay out of trouble, but it seems to find him anyway. One day, Krishna is out walking with his friends when they come across a group of men from a higher caste. The men are harassing a woman and Krishna tries to intervene. This leads to a large fight in which Krishna is badly outnumbered and outmatched. He's only saved by the intervention of a stranger, a man named Arjuna. Arjuna is a skilled warrior and he quickly dispatches the men who were attacking Krishna. He sees potential in the young man and decides to take him under his wing. Arjuna begins teaching Krishna how to fight and the two of them soon become close friends. As Krishna continues to train with Arjuna, he becomes a skilled warrior himself. He also starts to develop feelings for Arjuna's sister, Draupadi. However, he knows that she is beyond his reach and so he tries to suppress his feelings. One day, war breaks out between the different factions in India and Krishna finds himself drafted into the army. He's sent into battle against a rival kingdom and he quickly proves himself to be a skilled strategist and a brave fighter. Over the course of the war, he slowly starts to win the respect of his fellow soldiers. Eventually, the war comes to an end and Krishna is able to return home. He's grown into a strong and confident man and he's finally able to tell Draupadi how he feels about her. The two of them get married and start a family of their own. Krishna and Draupadi live happily together for many years. They raise a family and Krishna continues to fight for his kingdom. He becomes a celebrated hero and is loved by his people. Even in old age, he remains a fierce warrior and a great leader. The story ends with Krishna and Draupadi's entire family gathered around them. They're all laughing and happy, safe in the knowledge that they're together forever.