Life in the late classical period in the Middle East was harsh and difficult. The people were constantly at war with each other, and there was little time for anything else. In the midst of all this, one young woman, Zuleikha, stood out. Zuleikha was different from the others in her ability to see the beauty in life, even in the midst of all the ugliness around her. One day, Zuleikha met a man, Jamal, who was also different from the others. He was kind and gentle, and he saw the world in the same way that she did.Gradually, Zuleikha and Jamal fell in love with each other, despite the fact that they came from different backgrounds and had different beliefs. However, their happiness was not to last. The two of them were forced to part ways, and Zuleikha was left heartbroken. She vowed to never love again, instead choosing to devote her life to her people and to the war that was tearing her country apart. For many years, Zuleikha fought bravely in the war, but she could not forget Jamal. She often thought about the day that they had met and the happiness that they had shared. One day, out of the blue, Jamal reappeared in her life. He had been captured by the enemy and was being held prisoner. Zuleikha was overjoyed to see him again, but she knew that she could not risk her own life to save him. Still, she could not bear to see him suffer and she devised a plan to rescue him. She pretended to betray her own people and led the enemy right into a trap. In the midst of the fighting, she managed to get Jamal to safety. However, her act of betrayal had cost her dearly. She was captured by the enemy and sentenced to death. In the moments before her execution, Zuleikha thought about her life and about Jamal. She knew that she had made the right decision in saving him, even though it had cost her her own life. As she was led to her death, she saw Jamal in the crowd. He had come to save her, but it was too late. She died content in the knowledge that he would live on and that their love would never be forgotten.