In a future world where Italy is a leading global superpower, a powerful and ambitious politician named Sergio Rossi has consolidated his power by creating a police state. In this world, the LGBTQIA community is not tolerated and Sergio has made it his mission to root out and arrest anyone who isn't heterosexual. Sergio's policies have made him very unpopular with the LGBTQIA community and there is a lot of underground resistance to his regime. One of the leaders of this resistance is a charismatic young woman named Sophia Marconi. Sophia is planning a major uprising against Sergio's regime and she has been gaining a lot of support from people both inside and outside of the LGBTQIA community. However, Sergio is aware of the threat that Sophia poses to his power and he is determined to stop her. In order to do this, Sergio sends his right-hand man, Antonio, to infiltrate Sophia's resistance movement and gather intelligence on her plans. Antonio is a very skilled undercover operative and he quickly gains Sophia's trust. ant. As Antonio begins to learn more about Sophia and her plans, he starts to have doubts about whether or not he should be betraying her. However, he is loyal to Sergio and he knows that if he doesn't carry out his mission, Sergio will have him killed. As the date of the uprising approaches, Antonio's loyalty is put to the test. He knows that if he betrays Sophia, she will be arrested and likely killed, but if he doesn't betray her, Sergio will have him killed. Antonio is in a difficult situation and he doesn't know what to do. However, he is eventually able to make a decision and he betrayes Sophia to Sergio. As a result of Antonio's betrayal, the uprising is crushed and Sophia is arrested. Sergio's victory is short-lived, however, as the people of Italy quickly become fed up with his tyrannical rule. A popular uprising quickly takes hold and Sergio is overthrown. Sophia is freed from prison and she becomes one of the leaders of the new government. Despite her victory, Sophia is haunted by the memory of Antonio and the role that he played in betraying her. She knows that she can never trust him again, but she can't help but feel drawn to him.