Adriano Santiago is a tour guide in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. When a group of American tourists hire him to show them around the city, he is more than happy to oblige. However, he soon realizes that they are not the only ones interested in his services. The police are also interested in him, as they believe that he may have information about a series of murders that have been taking place in the city. While leading the tourists around the city, Adriano begins to notice that they are being followed by a group of men. He unsuccessfully tries to lose them, and eventually, they catch up to the group. The men demand that Adriano hand over the Americans, but he refuses. A fight breaks out, and during the commotion, the Americans manage to escape. Adriano is taken into custody by the police, who question him about the murders. He denies any involvement, but the police are not convinced. They believe that Adriano is withholding information, and they decide to hold him in jail until he talks. Adriano spends the next few weeks in jail, agonizing over what to do. He knows that if he talks, he will likely be killed. However, if he doesn't talk, he could be facing a life sentence in prison. In the end, Adriano decides to take his chances and he Agrees to talk to the police. He tells them everything he knows about the murders, and he leads them to the man who is responsible. The man is arrested and Adriano is released from jail. Adriano is a tour guide in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. When a group of American tourists hire him to show them around the city, he is more than happy to oblige. However, he soon realizes that they are not the only ones interested in his services. The police are also interested in him, as they believe that he may have information about a series of murders that have been taking place in the city. While leading the tourists around the city, Adriano begins to notice that they are being followed by a group of men. He unsuccessfully tries to lose them, and eventually, they catch up to the group. The men demand that Adriano hand over the Americans, but he refuses. A fight breaks out, and during the commotion, the Americans manage to escape. Adriano is taken into custody by the police, who question him about the murders. He denies any involvement, but the police are not convinced. They believe that Adriano is withholding information, and they decide to hold him in jail until he talks. Adriano spends the next few weeks in jail, agonizing over what to do. He knows that if he talks, he will likely be killed. However, if he doesn't talk, he could be facing a life sentence in prison. In the end, Adriano decides to take his chances and he Agrees to talk to the police. He tells them everything he knows about the murders, and he leads them to the man who is responsible. The man is arrested and Adriano is released from jail. Adriano is a tour guide in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. When a group of American tourists hire him to show them around the city, he is more than happy to oblige. However, he soon realizes that they are not the only ones interested in his services. The police are also interested in him, as they believe that he may have information about a series of murders that have been taking place in the city. While leading the tourists around the city, Adriano begins to notice that they are being followed by a group of men. He unsuccessfully tries to lose them, and eventually, they catch up to the group. The men demand that Adriano hand over the Americans, but he refuses. A fight breaks out, and during the commotion, the Americans manage to escape. Adriano is taken into custody by the police, who question him about the murders. He denies any involvement, but the police are not convinced. They believe that Adriano is withholding information, and they decide to hold him in jail until he talks. Adriano spends the next few weeks in jail, agonizing over what to do. He knows that if he talks, he will likely be killed. However, if he doesn't talk, he could be facing a life sentence in prison. In the end, Adriano decides to take his chances and he Agrees to talk to the police. He tells them everything he knows about the murders, and he leads them to the man who is responsible. The man is arrested and Adriano is released from jail. Adriano is a tour guide in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. When a group of American tourists hire him to show them around the city, he is more than happy to oblige. However, he soon realizes that they are not the only ones interested in his services. The police are also interested in him, as they believe that he may have information about a series of murders that have been taking place in the city. While leading the tourists around the city, Adriano begins to notice that they are being followed by a group of men. He unsuccessfully tries to lose them, and eventually, they catch up to the group. The men demand that Adriano hand over the Americans, but he refuses. A fight breaks out, and during the commotion, the Americans manage to escape. Adriano is taken into custody by the police, who question him about the murders. He denies any involvement, but the police are not convinced. They believe that Adriano is withholding information, and they decide to hold him in jail until he talks. Adriano spends the next few weeks in jail, agonizing over what to do. He knows that if he talks, he will likely be killed. However, if he doesn't talk, he could be facing a life sentence in prison. In the end, Adriano decides to take his chances and he Agrees to talk to the police. He tells them everything he knows about the murders, and he leads them to the man who is responsible. The man is arrested and Adriano is released from jail.