In the year 2nd century BCE, a great space war is brewing. The two great empires of the time, the Roman Empire and the Greek Empire, are mobilizing their forces, arrays of spaceships and armies of soldiers, for a final showdown. The stage is set for a monumental clash of civilizations. Meanwhile, on a small planet on the edge of the galaxy, a young boy named Timoleon is playing with his friends. They are unaware of the great war that is about to begin, and Timoleon is content to just enjoy his life. However, Timoleon's peaceful idyll is shattered when Roman forces attack the planet. Timoleon and his friends are brutally massacred, but Timoleon somehow manages to survive. He is the only witness to the heinous crime, and he is filled with rage. When Timoleon is grown, he becomes a great general and leads the Greek Empire to victory against the Romans. The war is over, but Timoleon's thirst for revenge is not. He sets his sights on the Roman Emperor, and he will stop at nothing to get his revenge. Timoleon is an unstoppable force, and he quickly defeats the Roman Emperor. But Timoleon's victory is short-lived, as the Roman Empire retaliates with a massive attack that completely destroys the Greek Empire. Timoleon is the only survivor, and he is once again filled with rage. He spends the next several years wandering the galaxy, fighting against anyone who gets in his way. He becomes a bounty hunter, and his reputation grows. One day, Timoleon's travels take him to a small planet on the edge of the galaxy. This is the same planet where he was massacred as a child, and he is immediately filled with memories of the event. Timoleon is consumed by thoughts of revenge, and he decides to stay on the planet. He spends the next year building up his strength, and he vows to get revenge on the Roman Empire. Timoleon finally has his chance when the Roman Emperor, who is now an old man, comes to the planet on a diplomatic mission. Timoleon challenges the Emperor to a duel, and he easily defeats him. With the Emperor dead, Timoleon's revenge is complete. He has won the war, and he can finally rest.