Life is hard in the Sub-Saharan Africa of the late classical period. It is a land of harsh desert conditions, of recurring drought and famine, of disease and death. All of this is made even more difficult by the fact that the people are constantly at war with each other, fighting over what little resources they have. Amidst all of this, there is one man who stands out: Mwindo. Mwindo is a warrior of unparalleled skill, a man who has never been defeated in battle. He is also a man of great wealth, for he has been able to plunder the resources of his enemies and use them to his own advantage. Mwindo is content to live a life of luxury in his isolated compound, surrounded by his many wives and concubines. But when his father, the king, dies, Mwindo is forced to take up the mantle of leadership. He is reluctant at first, but he soon realizes that he is the only one who can unify the warring factions and bring peace to the land. And so Mwindo sets out on a quest to find a peace treaty that will end the fighting. He travels to the far corners of the realm, encountering strange and dangerous beasts, until he finally locates the treaty. But when he returns home, he finds that his people have been attacked in his absence and his wives and concubines have been taken captive. Mwindo is enraged. He assembles an army and sets out to find the perpetrators. The trail leads him to a remote kingdom in the middle of the desert. There he finds a powerful sorcerer who has been using his magic to control the people of the kingdom. Mwindo is no match for the sorcerer, but he is aided by a mysterious woman who appeared to him in a dream. Together they are able to defeat the sorcerer and free the people of the kingdom. Mwindo returns home a hero, and he finally has the peace that he has been seeking. But his quest is not over yet, for he knows that there are other sorcerers out there who are preying on the people of his land. And so he sets out once again, determined to rid the land of evil and bring peace to the people.