In space, the jungle opera begins. Our story's protagonist is a highly flawed and Patriotic character who, over the course of the story, will make many misguided decisions in the name of his country. The story is action-packed and fast-paced, with events unfolding rapidly and propelling the reader quickly through the tale. The story opens with our protagonist, let's call him John, making a routine patrol through space. Suddenly, his sensors pick up an unknown ship approaching rapidly. He fails to hail the ship and it opens fire, severely damaging his own vessel. John is barely able to limp to a nearby planetoid and make an emergency landing. As he begins to explore the planetoid, looking for any way to repair his ship, he is suddenly attacked by a pack of wild beasts. He barely manages to fight them off and take refuge in a cave. huddled in the darkness, he has time to think about his situation and he comes to a realization that he is going to die unless he can find a way off the planetoid. He decides to venture back out into the jungle, this time armed with a make-shift spear, in search of food and any supplies he can find to help him repair his ship. After a few hours of searching, he is again attacked, this time by a larger and more ferocious beast. He barely manages to kill it with his spear and, with the help of its carcass, he is able to find his way back to the cave where he had taken refuge before. John now has food and shelter, but he still needs to find a way to repair his ship if he wants to get off the planetoid. He spends the next few days scouring the area for anything that might be of use, and he is finally able to find a few supplies that will help him in his repairs. With these repairs, he is able to get his ship operational again, but he is now faced with another problem. His ship's propulsion system is damaged and he does not have enough fuel to make it back to his home planet. He scans the nearby area for any habitable planets and finally finds one that is in range. He makes the decision to attempt a landing on the planet, even though it is unknown and there is a strong possibility that he will not be able to take off again. He makes a risky landing and finds himself in the middle of a dense jungle. He is immediately attacked by a host of strange creatures, but he is able to fight them off and take refuge in a tree. From his vantage point, he is able to get a better look at his surroundings and he realizes that he is not on an ordinary planet. This planet is inhabited by a race of intelligent creatures that are able to shape shift into the form of any other creature. They are a savage and war-like race, and they have been at war with each other for centuries. John watches as they slaughter each other and he is repulsed by their brutality. He knows that he needs to find a way off the planet, but he also knows that he cannot leave these creatures to continue their brutality. He decides to attempt to make peace between the two warring factions, in the hopes that they will be able to put aside their differences and live in peace. He makes his way to the leaders of both factions and begins to negotiate a peace treaty. At first, they are both skeptical of his motives, but he is eventually able to convince them that he is sincere in his desire for peace. They agree to a temporary cease-fire and begin to negotiate a more permanent peace agreement. John knows that he has made progress, but he also knows that there is still a long way to go. He continue to negotiate with the leaders and, eventually, they are able to come to a full peace agreement. With the war finally over, John is finally able to relax and he begins to enjoy his time on the planet. John has now been on the planet for several months and he has made a new home for himself among the intelligent creatures. He has taught them about Earth and they have shown him their own ways of living. He has come to love this planet and its inhabitants, and he knows that he has found a new home. One day, John is out exploring the jungle when he comes across a strange looking creature. He follows it and, eventually, he finds himself in front of an alien ship. He realizes that he has finally found a way off the planet and he decides to board the ship. As he is exploring the ship, he is ambushed by a group of aliens. He is able to fight them off, but he is severely injured in the process. He makes his way back to his ship and, as he is taking off, he sees the aliens attacking the intelligent creatures that he has come to know and love. He knows that he needs to warn Earth about the aliens, but he also knows that he cannot leave the creatures to be slaughtered. He decides to go back and help them fight off the aliens. He leads a fierce battle against the aliens and, eventually, they are able to drive them away. John is now a hero among the intelligent creatures. He has finally found a place where he belongs and he knows that he will never leave.