It is the 23rd century and the world is a very different place than it is today. Small town America is a thing of the past and the world is now made up of large metropolitan areas. However, in one small town, there is a group of kids who are about to discover that some things never change. One evening, the kids are out playing in the woods near their town and they come across an old abandoned house. They decide to explore it and soon realize that it is haunted. The ghosts of the previous owners are still there and they are not happy about the intruders. The ghosts begin to terrorize the kids and they are soon convinced that they need to get out of the house. However, the ghosts are not going to let them leave that easily and they will have to use all of their ingenuity and courage to escape. The ghosts are relentless in their pursuit of the kids and they begin to play mind games with them. They show them visions of their worst fears and try to make them turn on each other. The kids start to crack under the pressure but they realize that they need to stick together if they are going to make it out alive. The ghosts are not the only ones after the kids, as the government has also sent agents to capture them. The agents are armed with sophisticated technology that allows them to phase through walls and they are determined to bring the kids in. The kids are caught in the middle of a battle between the ghosts and the government agents and they soon discover that they are not the only ones with special abilities. They will have to use all of their powers to survive and escape the clutches of both groups. The ghosts and the government agents are both after the kids for their own reasons. The ghosts want to keep them in the house so that they can continue to torment them. The government agents want to experiment on them and find out how they are able to see and communicate with ghosts. The kids are caught in the middle and they must use all of their resources to escape. With the help of the ghosts, they are able to find a way out and they are finally free. However, the government agents are not going to give up that easily. They are determined to find the kids and they will stop at nothing to get their hands on them. The kids will have to stay one step ahead of the agents if they want to stay free.