In a time long ago, when legends were still being made, a small group of people in New Zealand set out to build a new world. They had a vision of a land where people could be free to pursue their own happiness, and where all would be welcome. They went about this by first creating a detailed and richly imagined history for their new world. They then invented their own languages, culture, and geographical features. This took many years, but the result was a land that felt very real and alive to everyone who visited it. Over time, word of this new world spread, and more and more people came to live there. The community grew and flourished, and soon they had built a society that was quite different from anything that had existed before. The people of this new world were happy and content, and they believed that things could only get better. They were wrong. One day, a group of newcomers arrived in the new world, and they were not content with the way things were. They wanted to change things, and they did not care about the happiness of the people who had built this new world. The newcomers began to cause problems, and soon they had started a war. The people of the new world fought back, but they were not prepared for this level of violence. Many were killed, and the survivors were forced to flee. The war raged on for many years, and the new world was destroyed. The once-happy people were reduced to living in hiding, always afraid of being found and killed. But even in the midst of all this darkness, the people of the new world still clung to their hope. They knew that someday things would get better, and that their dream of a new world would be reborn. And eventually, their hope was vindicated. The war came to an end, and the people of the new world were able to return to their land. They began to rebuild, and slowly but surely, their dream became a reality once again. The new world was not perfect, but it was a place where people could be free to pursue their own happiness. And that was all that mattered.