Insubordinate and unorthodox, Naledi Isocracy has little patience for the games of politics. As a rising star in the Afropolitan political scene, she's unafraid to speak her mind, which has won her both admirers and enemies. While attending a gala celebrating the opening of a new trade route between Afriphine and Eastland, Naledi becomes embroiled in a mystery when Afriphine's ambassador is poisoned. Naledi is determined to find out who is responsible and brings her own brand of justice to the case. As she investigates, she discovers that the poisoning is just the tip of a much larger conspiracy. Naledi's inquiry uncovers a plot to destabilize the Afropolitan government and throw the continent into chaos. With the help of her trusty sidekick, a reformed thief named Tumelo, Naledi races against the clock to track down the conspirators and prevent their scheme from succeeding. Naledi's investigation leads her to the heart of the Afropolitan capital, where she discovers that the conspirators are a group of powerful nobles. But she also finds that her efforts are being hamstrung by the Afropolitan government, which is reluctant to believe that there is a plot against them. Undeterred, Naledi presses on, and finally manages to track down the conspirators' leader, a ruthless nobleman named Lordus Rorix. Naledi confronts Lordus and demands that he reveal his plans. But before he can say anything, Lordus is killed by one of his own henchmen. Naledi is able to identify the killer as a member of the Afropolitan government's security forces. With this new evidence, Naledi finally has the proof she needs to convince the Afropolitan government of the conspirators' plot. She leads a raid on the conspirators' stronghold, resulting in the capture of the conspirators and the foil of their plot. With the conspirators behind bars and peace restored to Afriphine, Naledi returns to her work in the Afropolitan government. She continues to fight for justice and equality, and maverick attitude wins her both admirers and enemies. But Naledi is content to know that she is making a difference, and that she will continue to do so as long as she has breath in her body.