Life on the Moon is quiet and uneventful. The lunar colonists have been living there for generations, and have long ago forgotten their roots on Earth. One day, however, a strange comet appears in the sky, and soon afterward, a strange new disease begins to afflict the colonists. The disease is strange because it doesn't affect the bodies of the colonists, but rather their minds. They begin to experience strange hallucinations and delusions. Some of the colonists believe that they are back on Earth, living in their old homes. Others believe that they are on some other planet, or in some other time period. As the disease spread, the Lunar colony began to unravel. The soldiers who were stationed there to protect the colonists began to experience the same delusions, and soon the colony was in chaos. In the midst of the chaos, there was one colonist who remained sane. She was a scientist, and she began to study the disease in an effort to find a cure. She quickly realized that the disease was caused by the strange comet that had appeared in the sky. The comet was, in fact, a Rogue Planet. A planet that had been ejected from its solar system and was now wandering through space. The planet was inhabited by a race of beings who were responsible for the disease. The beings were trying to take over the Moon, and use the colonists as hosts for their own race. The scientist was able to develop a cure for the disease, and she and a group of other sane colonists were able to prevent the beings from taking over the Moon. The beings were defeated, and the colonists were cured. The colony was able to rebuild, and life returned to normal. However, the experience left the colonists changed. They now knew that there was life beyond their own little world, and that there were other beings out there who were capable of causing great harm. However, they also knew that they were capable of overcoming anything, as long as they stuck together. The colony was stronger than ever, and they were prepared to face whatever challenges came their way.