The 4th century BCE was a time of great change in the Mediterranean world. Not only were there new empires emerging, but also new ways of thinking about the world. In the midst of this tumultuous time, our story takes place. The protagonist is an introspective young man named Leo. He is from a wealthy family and has been raised with all the advantages that come with that. However, he has never been content with simply following in his father's footsteps. He wants to make his own way in the world and to understand the world around him. To that end, he has joined a group of friends who are part of a new movement that is sweeping the Mediterranean - an attempt to bring back the ancient knowledge of the Greeks and Romans. This is not simply an academic exercise for Leo, but a way to try to make sense of the chaos that is all around him. As Leo and his friends journey around the Mediterranean, they will have adventures and misadventures. Along the way, they will encounter both friends and foes, and learn many lessons about themselves and the world around them. Eventually, Leo will have to choose what kind of life he wants to lead. Will he follow in his father's footsteps and take up the family business? Or will he strike out on his own, to continue the quest for knowledge that has become so important to him? Leo and his friends journey to all corners of the Mediterranean, learning about the different cultures and ways of life. They also make some powerful enemies, who are not eager to see the old ways of thinking replaced by this new movement. As the story progresses, the stakes become higher and higher. What started out as a simple quest for knowledge turns into a fight for the very future of the Mediterranean world. And in the midst of all this, Leo must also contend with his own feelings and internal struggles. He falls in love with a beautiful young woman, but she is from a different world and has different ideas about what is important. Can their relationship survive amidst all the turmoil? In the end, Leo must make a choice. He can either follow his heart or he can follow his head. Either way, the outcome will be uncertain. But whatever he decides, it will change the course of history.