The story begins with our protagonist, a young woman in her early twenties, living in India during the late Renaissance period. She has recently moved to India with her new husband, and is still getting used to the culture and customs. One night, she is awoken by a noise outside her window. When she looks outside, she sees a man running away from a group of men who are chasing him. The man falls to the ground and the group of men catch up to him. They begin to beat him mercilessly. Our protagonist is horrified by what she is witnessing and decides to intervene. She runs outside and cries out for them to stop. The men are startled by her presence and take off running. The man on the ground is bleeding profusely and our protagonist kneels down to try and help him. He is barely conscious and keeps mumbling something about "the box." Our protagonist has no idea what he is talking about and tries to get him to tell her more, but he slips into unconsciousness. Not knowing what else to do, our protagonist decides to take him to the only place she can think of - the local magistrate's office. She knows that if she doesn't get help for him soon, he will die. When she arrives at the magistrate's office, she is relieved to find that someone is still there. She tells the man at the desk what happened and pleads with him to help the injured man. The man at the desk is not very receptive and tells her that it is not his job to deal with "common criminals." Our protagonist is desperate and asks him to at least send for a doctor. The man at the desk finally relents and sends for a doctor. While they are waiting, our protagonist tries to find out more about the man she found. She goes through his pockets and finds a small box. The box is locked and she cannot get it open. She puts it back in the man's pocket and continues to wait for the doctor. Eventually, the doctor arrives and takes a look at the man. He says that he will need to operate immediately if the man is going to have any chance of surviving. Our protagonist begs the doctor to save him and offers to pay for the surgery. The doctor agrees and they take the man to the hospital. Our protagonist waits anxiously for news of the man's condition. A few hours later, the doctor comes out to tell her that the man did not make it. He died on the operating table. Our protagonist is devastated. She asks the doctor if he found out anything about the man and if he knew what the man was talking about when he mentioned "the box." The doctor tells her that the man's name was Rajesh and he was a thief. He had been caught stealing a jewel-encrusted box from a wealthy family and was being chased by the family's guards when our protagonist found him. The doctor also says that he did not find anything else on Rajesh that would give any clues as to what was in the box. Our protagonist is determined to find out what was in the box and why Rajesh was willing to die to keep it hidden. She decides to go to the address that was on Rajesh's keychain. When she arrives at the address, she finds that it is a small cottage on the outskirts of town. She knocks on the door and is greeted by a woman who introduces herself as Rajesh's mother. Our protagonist tells Rajesh's mother what happened and how her son had mentioned a box before he died. Rajesh's mother tells our protagonist that her son was a good boy, but he had gotten involved with a bad crowd. She says that she does not know what was in the box, but she knows that it was important to Rajesh. She asks our protagonist to find out what was in the box and to make sure that it gets to the right person. Our protagonist agrees to find out what was in the box and sets out to track down Rajesh's associates. She starts by going to the tavern where Rajesh was known to spend a lot of time. She talks to the tavern owner and asks him if he knows anything about Rajesh or the box. The tavern owner tells her that he does not know anything about the box, but he tells her to talk to Rajesh's friend, Jai. Jai is a small-time thief who works for a local crime lord. Our protagonist goes to Jai's house and finds him hiding under a bed. She tells him that she is not there to hurt him and asks him about Rajesh and the box. Jai says that he does not know anything about the box, but he tells her to talk to Rajesh's other friend, Sameer. Sameer is a member of a local gang. Our protagonist goes to talk to Sameer and he tells her the same thing - that he does not know anything about the box. He says that Rajesh never talked about it and he had no idea what was in it. Our protagonist is starting to feel like she is getting nowhere. She does not know who else to talk to and she is running out of leads. She decides to go back to Rajesh's mother and see if she has any other ideas. Rajesh's mother tells her that the only other person who might know something about the box is Rajesh's boss, Malik. Malik is the head of the local crime syndicate. Our protagonist knows that Malik is a dangerous man, but she feels like she has no other choice. She goes to Malik's office and finds him surrounded by his henchmen. She tells Malik that she is not there to hurt him and she just wants to talk to him about Rajesh and the box. Malik tells her that he does not know anything about the box, but he says that Rajesh was supposed to deliver it to a man named Roshan. Malik does not know who Roshan is or where to find him, but he says that Rajesh was supposed to meet him at the docks. Our protagonist goes to the docks and finds Roshan. She tells him that she is looking for information about the box and Rajesh. Roshan tells her that he does not know anything about the box, but he says that Rajesh was supposed to deliver it to a man named Sanjay. Sanjay is a member of a rival crime syndicate. Our protagonist knows that if she goes to Sanjay, she will be walking into a trap. She decides to go anyway and she is ambushed by Sanjay's men. They take her to their hideout and tie her to a chair. Sanjay comes in and tells her that he knows she is looking for the box. He says that Rajesh stole it from him and he wants it back. Our protagonist tells him that she does not have the box and she does not know where it is. Sanjay does not believe her and he orders his men to beat her. Our protagonist is beaten mercilessly, but she does not tell Sanjay where the box is. She knows that if she tells him, he will kill her. After a while, Sanjay gets angry and frustrated and he orders his men to stop. He tells our protagonist that if she does not tell him where the box is, he will kill her husband. Our protagonist knows that he is not bluffing and she tells him where the box is hidden. Sanjay sends his men to get the box and they bring it back to him. He opens it and finds that it is empty. He is furious and he demands to know where the jewel is. Our protagonist tells him that she does not know. Sanjay does not believe her and he orders his men to kill her. Our protagonist is about to be executed when Rajesh's mother arrives and pleads with Sanjay to spare her life. She says that she will give him the jewel if he lets our protagonist go. Sanjay agrees and Rajesh's mother goes to fetch the jewel. While she is gone, our protagonist manages to break free from her restraints. She grabs a gun and threatens to kill Sanjay if he does not let her go. Sanjay is not worried and he tells her that she will never make it out of the city alive. Our protagonist knows that he is right and she decides to go back to Rajesh's mother's house. When she arrives, she finds Rajesh's mother packing her bags. She tells our protagonist that she is moving to another city and she gives her a letter to give to Rajesh's father. Our protagonist asks her why she is moving and Rajesh's mother tells her that she is being hunted by the same people who are after the jewel. Our protagonist asks her what the jewel is and Rajesh's mother tells her that it is a cursed diamond that was stolen from a temple. She says that the diamond is cursed and it will bring death and destruction to anyone who tries to keep it. She says that she is moving to another city to try and keep the diamond away from the people who are after it. Our protagonist decides to go to Rajesh's father and give him the letter. On her way, she is ambushed by Sanjay's men. They knock her unconscious and take her to a warehouse on the outskirts of town. When she wakes up, she is tied to a chair and Sanjay is there with his men. He tells her that he knows she has the diamond and he demands that she give it to him. Our protagonist tries to buy time and she tells him that she gave the diamond to Rajesh's mother. Sanjay does not believe her and he orders his men to beat her again. They beat her until she is unconscious. When our protagonist wakes up, she is in a dark room. She cannot move and she cannot see anything. She hears a voice in the darkness and the voice tells her that she has been cursed. The voice says that the diamond is evil and it will destroy anyone who tries to keep it. Our protagonist asks the voice who he is and the voice tells her that he is the guardian of the diamond. He says that it is his job to make sure that the diamond does not fall into the wrong hands. He says that he has been following Rajesh and he knows that our protagonist has the diamond. He says that he is going to kill her and take the diamond. Our protagonist tries to talk to the man, but he does not respond. She starts to feel like she is going insane. She hallucinates and she sees Rajesh's mother being chased by Sanjay's men. She hears Rajesh's mother screaming and she hears the sound of gunshots. Our protagonist tries to break free from her restraints, but she cannot. The man in the darkness comes closer and she feels something cold and sharp against her throat. Just as the man is about to kill our protagonist, Rajesh's mother bursts into the room and tackles the man. Our protagonist is able to break free and she grabs the gun. She points it at the man and tells him to stop. The man tells her that she cannot stop him and he will find her again. Rajesh's mother tells our protagonist to shoot him, but she is hesitant. She does not want to kill anyone. Rajesh's mother tells her that it is the only way to stop him. Our protagonist hesitates for a moment, but then she shoots the man. He falls to the ground and she runs to him. She feels for a pulse, but he is dead. Rajesh's mother tells our protagonist that she had been following the man and she knew that he was going to kill her. Our protagonist is relieved that Rajesh's mother is okay. Rajesh's mother tells her that they need to get out of the city and go somewhere safe. Our protagonist agrees and they leave the city. Back at the warehouse, Sanjay's men find the body of the man our protagonist shot. They search the body and find a small box. They bring the box back to Sanjay and he opens it. Inside the box is the cursed diamond.