In a Big city life, it is the 1st century BCE. A group of friends are sitting around a table in a big open room. They are talking and laughing. One of the friends, a girl named Jenna, is telling a story. "So there I was, all alone in the big city. I had just turned 18, and I was fresh out of high school. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life, so I figured I would just take some time to figure it out. I got a job working at a coffee shop, and I met this guy named John. He was a few years older than me, and he was really good-looking. He was also a bit of a troublemaker. But I didn't care. I was instantly attracted to him. We started dating, and things were going great. But then John started getting involved with a gang. He started doing illegal things to make money. And I was terrified that he was going to get caught and go to prison. I begged him to stop, but he wouldn't listen. I threatened to break up with him, but that just made him mad. So I decided to take matters into my own hands. I went to the police and told them everything I knew about John and his gang. As a result, John was arrested and sent to prison. I never saw him again. And I never regretted what I did." Jenna's friends are all surprised by her story. They had no idea that she had been through such a rough time. But Jenna just shrugs it off and says that it was no big deal. However, the truth is that Jenna is still haunted by what happened with John. She can't help but wonder if she did the right thing. Was it worth it to betray him like that? Jenna starts to withdraw from her friends. She stops going out and starts drinking heavily. She becomes a shell of her former self. One day, Jenna's friends come over to her apartment to check on her. They find her passed out on the couch, surrounded by empty bottles of liquor. They try to talk to her, but she just pushes them away. Eventually, Jenna's friends give up on her. They stop trying to reach out to her and slowly move on with their lives. Jenna is now completely alone. She spends her days drinking and wallowing in self-pity. She has lost everything that was important to her. But then one day, Jenna gets a surprise visitor. John is standing at her door, freshly out of prison. He has come to ask Jenna for forgiveness. ENDING: At first, Jenna is hesitant. She doesn't know if she can trust John. But she decides to give him a chance. They start talking and catching up on old times. John tells Jenna that he has changed. He is no longer the same person she used to know. He is sorry for everything he has done and he wants to make things right. Slowly but surely, Jenna starts to forgive John. She starts to let him back into her life. And eventually, they fall in love all over again. Jenna has finally found happiness again. She has forgiven John and they are back together. They are moving on with their lives and they are excited for the future.