Sasha, a young woman in her twenties, has been recently been dumped by her long-time boyfriend. She's struggling to get over him and move on with her life. To help her heal, she decides to go on a trip to Europe with her best friend. While in Europe, they decide to visit some of the old churches and cathedrals. Sasha is especially interested in them because she's an aspiring architect. While exploring one of the cathedrals, she comes across a hidden passage that leads to a secret room. Inside, she finds a hidden cache of ancient documents. She starts to examine the documents and quickly realizes that they are blueprints for a mysterious and sophisticated machine. She's never seen anything like it before. She starts to piece together the clues and realizes that the machine is a time machine. Sasha is thrilled and excited by her discovery. She knows that she has to build the machine. With the help of her friend, she starts to gather the materials and piece together the machine. It takes months, but she finally completes it. Now that the machine is built, Sasha has to figure out how to use it. She realizes that she can't just go back in time and change things, that would be too dangerous. She decides to travel back in time and observe the past. She hopes that by understanding the past, she can change the future. Sasha sets the machine for the Bronze age and steps inside. Sasha finds herself in a bustling market in a large city. She's surprised by how advanced the civilization is. She's also surprised by how familiar everything looks. She realizes that she's in Greece and that she's in the city of Athens. She wanders around the market, observing the people and the way they interact. She notices that there seems to be a lot of conflict and strife. She also notices that the women are not treated equally to the men. She's horrified by what she sees and decides that she needs to do something to help the women of this time period. She finds a group of women who are gathered together, talking and planning. They seem to be planning some sort of rebellion. Sasha approaches them and asks if she can help. They're surprised that she wants to help, but they're also pleased. They explain their plan to Sasha and she agrees to help them. They need to gather some supplies and weapons, so Sasha sets the machine for the future and goes back to get what they need. Once she has the supplies, she goes back to the Bronze age and helps the women carry out their plan. The rebellion is a success and the women are able to achieve equality. Sasha is content knowing that she's made a difference, but she's also homesick. She decides to go back to her own time. Sasha steps out of the time machine and is surprised to see her long-time boyfriend there waiting for her. He explains that he'd been thinking about her a lot and realized that he made a mistake. He wants to get back together. Sasha is happy and relieved. She's also grateful that she was able to travel back in time and help the women of the Bronze age. She knows that she's made a difference in the world and that's something that she can feel good about.