It is the 4th century BCE and Egypt is a bustling, vibrant country. The ruling pharaohs are of course powerful and wealthy, but there is also a rich merchant class and a thriving peasantry. One of the most popular forms of entertainment is the silent movie. Our protagonist is an awkward young man named Moses. He is always fumbling and tripping over his own feet, and he is painfully shy around women. Despite his flaws, Moses is a kind and good-hearted person. He is also an excellent scribe, and he has a natural gift for writing. Moses works as a scribe for a wealthy merchant. One day, while he is working, he overhears his employer berating a peasant woman. The woman has done nothing wrong, but the merchant is demanding that she give him her last sack of grain. If she does not comply, he will have her put to death. Moses is horrified by this injustice. He knows that he can not let the woman be killed, so he takes the sack of grain and gives it to her himself. But his act of kindness does not go unnoticed. The next day, the merchant confronts Moses. He is enraged that Moses would dare to steal from him. He demands that Moses return the grain, or he will have him tortured and killed. Moses knows that he can not go back to the woman and ask her for the grain. He also knows that he can not return the grain to the merchant. So he decides to run away. He flees to the city of Cairo, where he falls in with a group of street urchins. They teach him how to pick pockets and make a living on the streets. He quickly becomes their leader. Unbeknownst to Moses, the merchant has put a price on his head. One day, while Moses is leading his gang in a heist, they are ambushed by the merchant's henchmen. Moses is captured and brought before the merchant. The merchant humiliates Moses and then has him tortured. But Moses does not give in. He refuses to tell the merchant where the grain is. Furious, the merchant orders Moses to be put to death. But as Moses is being led to his execution, he is rescued by his friends from the street gang. They help him escape Egypt and start a new life in another country. Moses eventually settles down in a small town and becomes a scribe again. He marries a woman named Zipporah and they have children together. He never forgets the events of his past, but he is able to live a happy and peaceful life.