The story opens with a young woman, Lia, waking up in a strange place. She's disoriented and confused, and it quickly becomes clear that she's in some kind of alternate-reality version of her home town. The sky is red, the sun is black, and the people she sees walking around are twisted, skeletal versions of the people she knows. Lia is horrified, and can't understand what's happening. She's quickly spotted by one of the skeletal figures, who grabs her and starts to drag her away. Lia struggles, and manages to break free long enough to run away. She doesn't know where she's going, but she knows she has to get away from the monster that was trying to kidnap her. Lia eventually reaches the edge of town, where she finds a group of people huddled around a fire. They're all scared and confused, just like her, and they tell her that the monsters are called the Ragers. The Ragers are people who have been infected with a disease that makes them lose their humanity, and turn into savage, animalistic creatures. Lia is horrified to hear this, and even more horrified when the Ragers suddenly appear and start attacking the group of people. Lia manages to escape, but she's left traumatized by the experience. Lia spends the next few days wandering around in a daze, trying to make sense of what's happened. She knows she can't go back to her old life, but she doesn't know what else to do. She eventually meets up with a group of survivors who are fighting back against the Ragers. They tell her that the only way to stop the Ragers is to find the source of the disease and destroy it. Lia joins the group, and they set out on a journey across the country to find the source of the disease. They have many adventures and close calls along the way, and Lia grows closer to the other members of the group. They become like a family to her. Eventually, they reach the source of the disease: a laboratory that was experimenting with creating a new, more aggressive form of the disease. They manage to destroy the laboratory, but at the cost of many of their own lives. Lia is the only one who survives. Lia is the only one who knows how to destroy the source of the disease, so she takes it upon herself to finish the job. She knows it won't be easy, but she's determined to end the nightmare that has consumed the world. She travels to the laboratory and manages to destroy it, once and for all. With the source of the disease destroyed, the Ragers slowly start to regain their humanity. Lia is hailed as a hero, and she finally has a sense of purpose again. She's glad that she was able to help end the nightmare, but she mourns the loss of her friends and the world that once was.