Wendy is a young girl growing up in Germany in the 15th century. She's a spunky, feisty little thing, always getting into mischief. Her parents are loving but strict, and they want the best for their daughter. Wendy is curious about the world and is always asking questions. One day, when Wendy is out exploring the woods near her home, she comes across a group of men who are carving wooden figures. They invite her to watch and answer any questions she has. Wendy is fascinated by the process and asks a lot of questions. Eventually, Wendy's parents find out that she's been spending time with the men and they forbid her from seeing them again. Wendy is heartbroken but doesn't disobey her parents. A few years go by and Wendy grows into a young woman. She's still as curious and adventurous as ever, but now she has a new interest - boys. She starts to notice one of the boys in her village, Hans, and she can't help but feel drawn to him. Hans is a bit older than Wendy and he's already apprenticed to be a blacksmith. He's a handsome, hardworking young man and Wendy can't help but admire him from afar. One day, Hans asks Wendy to help him with a project he's working on. Wendy is thrilled to be able to work with him and they spend a lot of time together. During this time, Wendy starts to develop feelings for Hans. Hans is a bit oblivious to Wendy's feelings, but he enjoys her company and looks forward to seeing her each day. Eventually, Hans asks Wendy to marry him and she agrees. They have a beautiful wedding and start their life together. Wendy is happy living in her small village with Hans, but she can't help but feel a bit restless. She dreamed of seeing the world and experiencing new things, and she knows that Hans will never want to leave their village. One day, Wendy meets a woman in the village who tells her about a group of women who are leaving to go on a pilgrimage. Wendy is interested and asks the woman more about it. The woman tells Wendy that the pilgrimage is a journey to a sacred site in a far-off land. She says that it's a difficult and dangerous journey, but Wendy is undeterred. She knows that this is something she has to do. Wendy tells Hans about her desire to go on the pilgrimage and he'sO initially reluctant to let her go. But he knows how important it is to her and he doesn't want to stand in her way. He eventually agrees to let her go, and they say their tearful goodbyes. Wendy sets off on her pilgrimage with the other women. They travel through rough terrain, facing many challenges along the way. But Wendy is determined to reach their destination. After months of travel, the group of women finally reaches the sacred site. Wendy is moved by the experience and feels closer to God than ever before. During the journey back, Wendy reflects on all that she has seen and experienced. She knows that this pilgrimage has changed her life forever and she is a stronger person because of it. Wendy returns home to her village and to Hans. She is changed by her experiences but is happy to be back home. Wendy and Hans spend the rest of their lives together, raising a family and living happily ever after.