The first film in the serial begins in North Africa, during the 1st century. The Roman Empire is in control of the region and our main character, a young man named Joshua, is living under their rule. Joshua is a sarcastic kind of guy, which often gets him into trouble. He's also a bit of a rebel and isn't afraid to stand up to authority. One day, Joshua gets into an argument with a Roman soldier and ends up getting arrested. He's thrown into prison, where he meets a man named Barabbas. Barabbas is a criminal who's been sentenced to death, but he tells Joshua that he's actually innocent. The two men form a bond and when Joshua is released from prison, he decides to help Barabbas escape. Joshua hatches a daring plan and with the help of some friends, they break Barabbas out of prison and help him to safety. The second film picks up a few weeks later. Joshua and his friends are still helping Barabbas stay hidden from the authorities. But they know that it's only a matter of time before they're caught. They come up with a plan to leave North Africa and head to Rome, where they can blend in and hopefully find a way to clear Barabbas' name. They set out on their journey, but they're quickly pursued by the Romans. They manage to lose them for a while, but the Romans are hot on their trail. Things get even more complicated when Joshua and his friends stumble upon a rebel camp and get caught up in the middle of a rebellion. Now, not only are they being pursued by the Romans, but they're also being hunted by the rebels. The only way out is to find Barabbas a safe haven, clear his name, and save the rebel camp from being destroyed. Joshua and his friends continue to travel with Barabbas, while evading both the Romans and the rebels. They eventually find themselves in Rome, where they begin to search for evidence that will clear Barabbas' name. But the longer they stay in Rome, the more danger they're in. The Romans are closing in on them and they're also being hunted by the rebels. They finally find some evidence that Barabbas is innocent, but they're caught before they can escape. They're brought before the Emperor, who orders them to be executed. ButJoshua and his friends refuse to give up. They make a daring escape and end up in the rebel camp. There, they help the rebels to fight off the Roman soldiers. In the midst of the battle, Barabbas is finally able to clear his name and the rebels are victorious. With the rebels camp now safe, Joshua and his friends make their final escape. They say goodbye to Barabbas and head back to North Africa. The serial ends with Joshua and his friends safe and sound, but still living under Roman rule.