It is the middle of summer and the heat is oppressive. The land is dry and the crops are wilting. The people are restless and discontented. There is word that a great ship is coming from across the sea, bearing gifts from a foreign king. The ship arrives and the people are amazed by its size and majesty. The king and queen come aboard and are greeted by the captain. They are shown to their quarters and the captain shows them the ship's hold, which is full of treasure. The king and queen are pleased with the treasure and decide to keep it for themselves. The captain is ordered to set sail for home. The voyage is long and difficult. The ship is beset by storms and faced with treacherous conditions. The queen becomes ill and the king is forced to care for her. The ship finally reaches its destination and the king and queen disembark. They are presented with a hero's welcome and a feast is held in their honor. The king and queen are happy to be home and they spend the next few days enjoying the festivities. However, the queen's health begins to fail and she dies. The king is devastated by his wife's death and he retreats to his chambers. He is inconsolable and will not leave his wife's side. The captain of the ship is summoned to the king's chambers. The king asks him to take his wife's body back to her homeland. The captain agrees and sets sail for the queen's homeland. The voyage is once again long and difficult. The ship is beset by storms and battle. The king is grief-stricken and he expend all his energy on caring for his wife's body. The ship finally arrives at its destination. The king and the captain disembark and are met by the queen's family. The queen's family is overjoyed to see her and they take her body to be prepared for burial. The king is left alone and he is faced with the reality of his wife's death. The king returns to his kingdom and he is a changed man. He is more reflective and introspective. He takes solace in the fact that his wife is at peace in her homeland.