It's the far future in America and things are not looking good. The economy has tanked and the country is in shambles. To make matters worse, a new instructional film is being released that is designed tobrainwash the populace into submission. The film, titled "A Better Life", is a propaganda piece that promotes the idea that people need to give up their individual freedom in order to be happy. It's spearheaded by a charismatic leader who promises riches and happiness to those who follow him. Naturally, there are those who resist the film's message. A small group of rebels team up to try and stop the film from being released. They are led by a young woman named Sarah who is determined to fight for her freedom. The rebels are up against some pretty big odds, but they're not giving up without a fight. As the release date of the film draws closer, they race against the clock to try and stop it from being shown. The rebels are successful in stopping the film from being released, but they pay a heavy price. Sarah is killed in the process and the leader of the group is captured. The remaining members of the group are forced to go into hiding. The leader of the group, John, is tortured and interrogated by the authorities. They want to know where the other members of the group are hiding. John refuses to talk and is eventually executed. With their leader dead, the group begins to fall apart. It's only a matter of time before they're all captured or killed. ONE MONTH LATER The film is finally released and people begin to see the truth. The leader is exposed as a fraud and people are beginning to revolt. The tide is turning against the propaganda film and people are beginning to stand up for their freedom once again. The rebels are vindicated and their sacrifice is not in vain. The film is eventually pulled from theaters and banned. Freedom is restored to the people of America and the world is a better place for it. The rebels are Heroes. They gave up their lives to fight for what was right and in the end, they won. The film is never shown again and people are free to live their lives as they see fit. The world is a better place because of the rebels. They fought against all odds and they won. They will never be forgotten.