The story begins in the year 2020, a time of great turmoil and upheaval. The world is on the brink of a new and terrible war, one that will threatens to destroy all of humanity. In the midst of this, a group of scientists and astronauts are working on a new and very ambitious project: to build a space shuttle that will take humans to Mars. The team is made up of people from all over the world, and they are all working tirelessly to make their dream a reality. However, there are many challenges and obstacles in their way, not the least of which is the fact that the world is on the brink of war. Nevertheless, they persevere and, against all odds, they succeed in launching their space shuttle. The journey to Mars is a long and difficult one, and the crew of the space shuttle soon realizes that they are not alone in the universe. They come into contact with a race of aliens that are very different from them, and who are engaged in a war of their own. The crew quickly realizes that they are in danger, and that they need to find a way to get back to Earth. They are finally able to make contact with Earth, but the war has already begun, and their home planet is in terrible danger. The crew of the space shuttle knows that they need to find a way to warn Earth of the impending danger, but they are also aware that they might not be able to make it back in time. Despite the odds, the crew of the space shuttle does eventually make it back to Earth, and they are able to warn the people of the impending danger. However, the war is already underway, and it is a fierce and brutal one. The crew of the space shuttle is forced to fight in the war, and they quickly realize that they are vastly outnumbered and outgunned. The war rages on, and the death toll is high on both sides. In the end, the crew of the space shuttle is able to make a difference, and they help turn the tide of the war. In the end, Earth is saved, but at a terrible cost. Many lives have been lost, and the world will never be the same again.