In the dark, deep waters off the coast of Greece, a crime is being committed. For centuries, divers have come to this spot to plunder the ancient shipwrecks that litter the sea floor, and now, one diver has found something that he believes is priceless. With the help of his partners, he drags the heavy object to the surface, not knowing that he has just set in motion a chain of events that will change his life – and the course of history – forever. The object that the diver has brought up from the depths turns out to be a statue of a woman, which he sells to a smuggling ring for a small fortune. But the statue is not just any ordinary object – it is a priceless artifact from the lost city of Atlantis, and it holds a powerful secret. As word of the statue spreads, a race begins to find the otherAtlantean artifacts that are rumored to be hidden around the world. Among the contenders are a charismatic cult leader, a ruthless businessman, and a reclusive professor who has dedicated his life to finding the lost city. At the same time, the diver who found the statue is being pursued by agents of the Greek government, who want to know how he found the artifact and what he knows about the lost city. Desperate to keep the statue out of their hands, the diver makes a deal with the smugglers to take it to a safe place – but he soon discovers that there are forces at work that are far more powerful than he ever could have imagined. The search for the Atlantean artifacts leads the contenders on a chase around the world, from the deserts of Africa to the jungles of South America. As they try to outwit and outrun each other, they are also being hunted by the agents of various governments, who are eager to get their hands on the artifacts for themselves. The race comes to a head when the cult leader, the businessman, and the professor all converge on a small island in the Mediterranean Sea. They are all after the same thing: a golden statue that is rumored to be the key to finding the lost city of Atlantis. But the island is also home to a secret military base, and the divers who found the statue have also been tracked there. As the two groups clash, the divers make a break for it with the statue, setting off a chase that takes them through the submerged ruins of the lost city. In the end, only one person can claim the prize – but at what cost? The winner of the race to find the Atlantean artifacts is the cult leader, who Acquires the golden statue and uses it to find the lost city of Atlantis. But the city is not what he expected – it is a desolate, ruined place, inhabited by strange creatures that are half-human, half-fish. The cult leader is not deterred, and he proclaimeds himself the ruler of Atlantis. But the other contenders are not ready to give up yet, and they mount an expedition to take the city back. In the end, the city is destroyed, and the cult leader is killed. But the reclusive professor who has dedicated his life to finding Atlantis finally does – and he discovers that the city holds many secrets that have yet to be revealed.