Seung-chan is a young boy living in 17th century Korea who dreams of becoming a musician. One day, he meets a traveling musician named Jang-gae and is inspired to start learning how to play the Gayageum, a traditional Korean string instrument. With Jang-gae's help, Seung-chan quickly develops into a talented player and is soon performing at gigs with his new friend. However, Seung-chan's parents low expectations for him and their disdain for music leads him to eventually give up on his dream and pursue a more practical career path. Unfortunately, this does not make him happy and he often thinks about what could have been had he followed his heart. Seung-chan's life takes a turn for the worse when he is drafted into the Korean military to fight in a war against Japan. He is placed in a unit that specializes in using traditional Korean instruments as psychological warfare against the enemy. Seung-chan is initially resistant to using his musical talents for such a purpose but he eventually comes to see the value in it and becomes one of the most effective members of his unit. During a particularly brutal battle, Seung-chan is gravely wounded and is only saved by the quick thinking of his unit's medic, who happens to be a woman named Ji-won. As Seung-chan recovers from his injuries, he and Ji-won begin to fall in love with each other. However, their happiness is short-lived as the war takes a turn for the worse and the Korean army is forced to retreat. Seung-chan and Ji-won are separated in the chaos and Seung-chan is captured by the Japanese. Seung-chan is taken to Japan as a prisoner of war and is forced to work in a labor camp. He is miserable and often thinks about Ji-won and their time together. He is determined to find a way to escape and return to her. One day, he learns that the Japanese Emperor is going to be holding a grand musical performance and that the best musicians in the country have been brought in to perform. Seung-chan sees this as his chance to escape and he hatches a plan. He manages to get himself assigned to the Emperor's court as one of the performers and, during the performance, he makes his escape. Seung-chan is pursued by the Japanese guards but he manages to make it back to Korea, where he is reunited with Ji-won. They spend the rest of their lives together and Seung-chan eventually becomes one of the most famous musicians in the country.